# One-Night Stand

The music thrummed through the nightclub as the throng of people on the dance floor moved to the heavy beat. Lavo was near full capacity this Friday night with a big name guest headlining but Nox didn't care. The night's priority was to dance. But getting laid was a close second.

In the middle of the dance floor Nox danced with a girl he'd met at the bar. Nox lifted her up, and she wrapped her legs around his waist. With the grace of a swan she fell backwards, her hands and head fell towards the floor. The sheer shirt rode up on her stomach leaving Nox's fingers to play against the soft skin. Long dark hair dangled near the ground, her chest and neck exposed making Nox's mouth water. With long lean abs working under his fingers, she righted herself. Nox lifted the small brunette from his hips and her legs slid down his body as he pulled her legs to one side. Flinging her around to the other side before her feet touched the ground again.

Both of their chest rose and fell in rapid cadence from exertion. Nox spun her away from his body then back again pulling her close again. With one quick motion Nox lifted her off the ground and she wrapped her limbs around him. Nox shivered as her breath caressed his skin. Nox kissed lush lips with eager abandon. Wet lips trailing along her jawline to her ear. Lust filled his voice. "What fantasy can I fulfill tonight, Duckling?"

Long fingers coiled through Nox's black dyed hair tugging his head back. Her other hand played with a crimson-colored strand hanging over his forehead. Dark lust filled eyes gazed into his own chocolate brown. She contemplated his question with a seductive smile splaying across ruby red lips. A pink velvet tongue slide across her pouty bottom lip as she closed the gap. Her tongue left a wet stripe across his lower lip, and down his jawline. When she reached his ear, she took it in her wet, soft mouth and suckled. Shivers radiated up Nox's spine. A voice made of silk slide over his body. "Take me home and I'll show you."

She moved her pelvis against Nox's groin and a small moan escaped his lips. Lost in the moment of pleasure, thoughts of leaving vacated Nox's mind. Her body sliding down his body brought Nox back to the here and now. Her fingers entwined with his long slender ones as she led him from the dance floor. Nox watched the small woman sway in six-inch heels and a baby blue skirt that just covered her tight ass. He couldn't help but stare as he followed her through the crowd.

The air outside the club was cool against his flushed skin. Nox raised his hand above his head and hailed the nearest yellow cab. A siren sounded off in the distance as the traffic flew past the idling cab. Nox opened the door for his prize and watched as she bent to climb inside. Rude thoughts tickled his mind, and he wondered what her fantasy was.

The line brought the weird out in people all too often. Nox didn't mind. He'd try anything once. Once seated next to the small brunette she gave the cab driver the address. The cab jerked forward into traffic. A faint tinkling of music played in the background too soft to make out. 

A hand on his knee brought him out of his revelry. Nox took the smaller fingers in his own and pulled her into his lap. Hands wandered. Mouths sucked at exposed skin. Their breathing was rapid by the time the cab driver pulled over near the edge of Hell's Kitchen. Nox was thankful for that small amount of luck. He would have had to abort if she lived there.  It brought too many complications.

Nox handed the cabbie the fair and a tip and followed several paces behind the now drunk looking woman. The sway was no longer sexy as she stumbled up the steps to her apartment building. Nox sighed as he took the four steps up to the front door where she was fumbling with her keys. The keys fell from her drunken fingers and jangled on the ground. He bent and picked them up casting a glance up at her. With lips parted she stared down at him with lust filled eyes and he grinned up at her. His fingers on his left hand slide up her silky smooth leg and Nox watched as her body shuttered.

A small gasp fell from her lips as he pushed the hem of her dress up her hip. Nox unfolded his bent body to stand holding the keys on the palm of his other hand. With a gentle touch she took the key between her thumb and forefinger and lifted the key to the door. Nox wrapped his arms around her body pressing his front against her back. Her key slide home and door opened with a creak.

The petite woman came undone before they even entered her apartment. Her heart raced. Sweat slicked her skin. She trembled underneath Nox's fingers as he whispered sweet nothings in her ear . She let loose a small moan from parted lips. For three flights of stairs Nox's fingers danced over her body. His mouth licking and sucking at her supple neck. By the time they reached her door, she was wanton. Nox had worked her skirt up around her waist with his long lithe fingers. 

He turned her towards him and took the keys from her delicate hands. With ease he lifted her, and she wrapped her body around him. Lips pressed against his neck, a soft suckling sound sent electricity down his body. Nox fumbled for the lock.

The door clicked open and a blast of cold air greeted them. Nox carried the licentious woman to the couch. He set her down pulling his black button-up shirt off this arms. The sweat soaked white t-shirt below, he left on as her fingers worked the button on his denim jeans. Nox took the condom from his back pocket before shedding them. He remained dressed in t-shirt and boxers. He knelt down between her spread legs. Nox Took her breast from her cup and sucked on the hardening nipple through the sheer fabric. 

Her head fell back and Nox smiled against her chest. His fingers worked their way between her legs and over her cotton panties. He caressed the sensitive nub under and she gave Nox a loud moan of pleasure as his reward. His fingers slide inside her panties finding her wetness and pushing two fingers inside. 

The sound she made had Nox's cock at the ready. He worked his fingers in and out until she was panting against his chest. Her hands pushed at his boxers. Nox stood up letting her free him from the constricting clothing. 

Her hand grabbed his length unrolling the condom over him and his head flew back. Nox sat down and pulled her into his lap slipping inside. Nox dug his painted nails into her hips while she rocked against him finding her rhythm. 

Orgasm shook her body, and she spasmed bringing him over the edge. Nox's eyes fluttered close and lights danced behind his eye lids. He took deep breaths as his body came down. The pulse racing in his ears muffled the sound of their panting. 

After several moments in silence Nox made his way to the bathroom to clean up, grabbing his clothes on the way. When he exited with all his clothes on, she was half lying on the couch, her chest rising and falling with sleep. Nox pulled a blanket from the top of the couch over her and slipped out the door without a sound.