# The Gay Part

The sun streamed through the curtains, Matt didn't know the time. He had nowhere to be today.  Last night had been long. The premiere went off without a hitch. The after party lasted far too long. He missed Tiffany. He hadn't even called her before he collapsed in his bed at 2am.

A soft melody played suddenly. "I get knocked down / But I get up again / You're never gonna keep me down." Matt searched for his phone. Glanced at the blue digits on the alarm clock on his nightstand - still too early. Matt found his phone underneath a pillow and swiped it to answer. "Yeah, Stan. what's up?"

Stan Fillmore had been his agent since his mother stopped managing his career. He was good to Matt, almost family. His voice came across sad. "That last audition, the one for the TV show. Do you remember it?"

Matt nodded knowing Stan couldn't see. "Yeah."

"The casting manager just called you didn't get the part." Stan's voice still strained, "But..." Stan loved the long dramatic pause; Matt let him have his moment. "They asked for you to read again. This time for the lead role."

"The Victorian hunter who's gay? You mean that one." Matt asked.

"Yes. I know. Type casting from those last few parts. But this could be good for you. It's a leading role." Stan was eager and trying to convince him. Stan was right. It would be good for his career.  Even though it meant he could end up stuck in the same type roles his entire career.

"I'll do it."

"Good." Stan's voice picked up. "I already told them you would. Today at 10, same place. Good luck, son."


***


The reading had gone well. Matt always felt good when they asked him to read a specific part; the odds were in his favor. And they already knew he didn't have a problem kissing another man if the need arose. It became second nature.

The sun was high in the sky as Matt walked along South Broadway thinking. A few girls giggled as he walked past. One woman stopped and gawked at him as he passed her on the street. Recognition came with the territory. But sometimes it still surprised him.

Tubthumping played again in his pocket. Matt got a few stares as he pulled it out and answered, "Stan."

"Good news, my boy. You got the part!" Stan's voice sang with joy. Matt stopped at an outdoor cafe and ordered a coffee while he and Stan hashed out the remaining details. Which ended up being two weeks to prepare for the trip to New York City. Training would start upon arrival and a month later shooting would start. 

Matt could preform his own stunts, and the team encouraged it. Moments after Stan hung up, Matt's phone exploded with notifications. Hundreds of mentions on Twitter and Facebook congratulated him on his new part. His followers on Twitter exploded in numbers, more so than before. New blog posts talked about their favorite Victorian hunter.  The world buzzed with the news.

Matt supposed reading the novels should be on top of his to do list now. He hadn't touched them yet but Stan handed Matt the first book when he told Matt about the part. "Read it. You'll love it." He hadn't... read it that was. But he would now.

***

The temporary move to New York wasn't difficult.  His family found him a great apartment near by. He'd grown up there after all. He had one week to finish getting into character.

Matt sat on his new couch, curled up with the first book.  A glass of white wine sat empty on the floor beside him. Matt ran his fingers through his dark hair and stretched. The sun had gone down hours ago, but sleep was far away. He was understanding Tobias Vallen by the second book. But Tobias was opening gay - really into men and not afraid to show it. Every other character he had played had hid in the shadows until the end.

Matt knew to get the right mindset he needed to see it in action. Study people like Tobias. Google to the rescue. Matt found a gay bar near his place. He had wondered about it on the way to the market.

Dressed in black jeans and a blue polo shirt.  Matt walked into the dim bar.  Many colognes mixed with a soft scent of lavender wafted over Matt. The man at the door took his black blazer and hung it in the coat room and handed Matt a number. The man wore a silk shirt and purple tie, his hair shaved close to his head and he moved with the grace of a cat. Matt tried not to stare too long. He walked into the bar proper. The dim lighting allowed Matt to see enough. Soft instrumental played in the background. The noise droned on like any typical bar. Matt went up to the bar tender and smiled. "White wine."

Matt stood with his back against the bar and watched two men dance. The smaller man curled into the other.  His head pressed against the taller man's chest. When he turned his head, pressing his cheek to the taller man Matt saw smeared make up on his face. The tall man sported  black hair with red highlights. He whispered into the smaller man's ear.

Matt's wine arrived. He sipped at it while he watched them dance together. It wasn't a lovers quarrel at least not from the posture of the taller man. He held the smaller one, comforting him. They swayed and spun in gentle circles.

A man sat down next to him and nudged his shoulder. Matt looked at the other man. He was large and burly and his smile was white underneath the well manicured beard that covered his face. The other man spoke over the din. "You don't want either of those boys. Bas was just dumped and Wyn is well... Wyn. Find someone else."

Matt smiled. "I was just watching them."

The other man nodded. "The pretty boys are always the mean girls."

"How so?"

The other man turned to face Matt. "You see how Wyn holds Bas. If Wyn were interested in his friend it would mean more. Bas knows that Wyn won't make a move. Even though Bas is desperately trying to get the his attention."


"Why isn't he interested? They seem close enough."

The man laughed. "Wyn doesn't do relationships, and that's what Bas wants. Well not today it seems." Bas's hands were straying underneath the taller man's shirt as he cried. "Sebastian is needy. Wyn doesn't do relationships.  Find someone else to drool over." He walked over to the pair. He said something to the taller man. The taller man, Wyn, walked his direction. The gruff man took the other one to the front door.

Matt averted his gaze because Wyn smirked at Matt's gaze. He wore a grin on his face all too knowing. It made Matt nervous. He sat down in the chair the other man vacated and ordered water with lemon. The red color on his nails matched the colored highlights in his hair. Wyn looked over at Matt when he waved the bartender over and ordered a shot of tequila to ease his nerves. 

A grin splay on Wyn's lips. Surprise lit Matt's eyes as he realized the other man did not paint his lips the same color, or wear lip gloss. He seemed the type. Wyn leaned over so he didn't have to yell. "Scoping out your new role?"

Matt blinked at him in confusion before he realized what he'd said. "Why do ask?"

Wyn smiled. "Can't see any reason why a straight guy would come into a notorious gay bar."

"I... uh..." Matt stuttered, not sure why he couldn't make words form. The tequila shot sat empty, he never realized he'd drank it already. "Yes. He's openly gay. Figured this was as good place."

Wyn turned towards Matt on the bar stool and held out his hand. "Wyn Durante."

Matt glanced down at the painted nails and took his hand in his and shook. The other man's grip was firm; he looked weaker than he was. It had to be the make up. Matt ordered another shot and watched as Wyn shook his head at him as he introduced himself. "Matt Lucas."

Crooked white teeth beamed back at him. "I know who you are."

Matt raised his eyebrows in surprise. "Maybe you can help me then?"

Wyn's smile faded before it was back on and he nodded. "Let's sit someplace else."

Matt raised two fingers for two more shots.  He staggered a little getting off the bar stool as he followed the other man to a round booth in the corner. 

Wyn scooted to the middle of the table to look out on the crowd. Matt sat next to him - a little too close, but Wyn didn't seem to mind. Wyn put his arm over the back of the bench around Matt but not touching him. Wyn sipped at his own water. 

Matt knocked back the first shot the waitress brought him and his hair brushed Wyn's arm. Matt pulled away but his head spun. He heard Wyn laugh, "You've had enough."

Matt nodded, that had been a mistake. This was a bad idea, coming here alone. Matt asked, "Why don't you like Sebastian?"

Wyn shook his head. "Sebastian is fine, but he's needy. Vic told you that. He may be a good lay, but he needs more than just sex. I can be his friend and give him that, but not both. He takes things too serious."

"Are all gay men like you?" Matt asked with bravado.

Wyn shook his head. "No. I'm not exactly strictly gay."

"Oh?" That had Matt curious, "You like women too."

Wyn shrugged. "I like sex. Where it comes from I don't care too much."

Matt giggled. He couldn't believe he giggled at his own thought. "Animals too?" He thought he was funny, but Wyn just shook his head and pulled the last tequila shot away from him. 

"You've had enough. Let me get you a cab back home." Wyn stood up and walked over to the bar, Matt closed his eyes just a moment.