# Babysitting

Aaron had taken Sebastian home after telling Wyn about the man checking them out.  Wyn had known who the man was before he started talking to him.  He knew the consequences of his potential actions.  But Matt had come to learn more about the life, Wyn couldn't hold it against him.

When Matt started downing shots without really thinking Wyn became worried.  His questions were not what he had expected and it was time for the actor to go home.  However after he'd returned from the front to call a cab Matt had passed out.

He couldn't stay there.  Matt woke up enough once Wyn had him outside he could stand on his own two feet.  He swayed standing still, and staggered when he tried to walk, but Matt was at least on his feet.  The cab arrived and Matt still wasn't making any sense.  "What's the address?"  Wyn kept asking him.

With a heavy sigh Wyn said, "Just take him to my place."  Wyn climbed into the yellow cab and gave the cab driver his address in the East Village.  

Matt's head lolled over on to Wyn's shoulder.  Wyn looked over at the drunk man.  Matt stared up at him with a stupid smile plastered on his lips.  Wyn noticed how kissable they were and averted his gaze.  Not what he needed.

Matt muttered in Wyn's ear, "You are wearing make-up."  He laughed softly, "Do all gay guys?" Matt's fingers traced underneath Wyn's eyes sending shivers down Wyn's spine.

Wyn shook his head.  "No, Matthew they don't.  Not all gay guys like fashion either."  Wyn took Matt's fingers in his hands away from his face and held it against his thigh until they pulled up outside of his building.  The bar at ground level was packed.  People were coming and going; a couple was waiting patiently for the cab they were exiting.

A twenty exchanged hands and Wyn helped Matt out of the cab.  He had his arm around the actor's waist and Matt's arm around his neck helped the man stay upright.  Wyn stared up the stairs and frowned.  This wasn't going to be any fun.  Grateful that his studio was on the second level he managed to get Matt to the door.

Wyn propped Matt's limp body against the wall and he slid down.  Wyn didn't want to have to lift him again so he pressed his body against Matt as he unlocked the door to his apartment.  Matt mumbled, "You smell good."  Wyn dropped his keys when Matt nuzzled his neck.

Awkwardly placing the palm of his hand against Matt's chest Wyn knelt down and picked up his keys.  He couldn't get the door open with one hand and had to resort to the prior position.  Wyn pressed his body against Matt's up against the wall.  Matt kissed Wyn's neck at his pulse point and started suckling softly.  Fuck!  Wyn missed the key hole again but didn't drop the keys this time.  

It was a fight he wasn't going to win, so he let Matt mark his neck while he unlocked the door finally and put his arm around the man who was not in his right mind.

The couch was barely a love seat but it would have to do.  Wyn deposited Matt on the burgundy cushions and Matt grabbed his hand.  It would be so easy to let this go farther, but Wyn knew Matt would hate himself in the morning.  And he wouldn't be proud of himself either.  He didn't mind a night of drunken debauchery, but it had to be consensual - Matt hadn't agreed.  Wyn had his rules.

Wyn kissed Matt's temple and laid him down on the couch pulling his hand free of Matt's grip.  He seemed to close his eyes and drift and Wyn took the opportunity to get a blanket and a pillow from his bed and help Matt get comfortable.

A bucket sat near Matt's head in case of emergency and Wyn took a shower to get the smell of bar and smoke from his skin.  He looked in the mirror as he brushed his teeth admiring the mark on his neck.  A large bruise bloomed on his neck just above the G tattoo'd three fingers below his jaw line.

Wyn took a hot shower washing the dirt and grime from his body.  Showering was one of Wyn's luxuries.  It was one of few times he felt at peace with who he was.  The water searing away the things people had done to him.  Leaving him clean.  But water cost money and Wyn turned it off.  He pulled a pair of boxers on and walked out into the studio apartment.  The lights from outside shown in illuminating Matt's sleeping form.  His chest rose and fell with the heaviness of sleep.  He was a beautiful man it was too bad he was straight.

Sleep came fitfully for Wyn as his mind wandered to Matt and his ministrations in the hallway.  Wyn had wanted to let Matt continue.  He had wanted to touch the other man.  Sleep took him.

Wyn's heart was pounding as he started awake. He couldn't remember what he'd dreamt about, but it was never good.  The clock on his phone read 6am.  Too late to go back to bed, so Wyn got out of bed.  Breakfast was his favorite meal.  It was the only one he was guaranteed to have home cooked - so he ate big.  An egg white fritatta with feta cheese, sausage, sun dried tomatoes, basil and black olives.  

Noise was inevitable as Wyn cooked breakfast.  He heard the sounds of Matt stirring on the couch.  Wyn placed the frying pan in the small oven to finish cooking the top and turned to see Matt scrubbing his hands through his hair.

Wyn filled a glass with water then knelt down in front of Matt handing it to him.  Matt looked up at Wyn with bleary eyes with a frown.  He reached across and touched the bruise that had formed overnight on Wyn's neck.  Matt's fingers were cool against his skin.  "That wasn't there last night."

Wyn laughed.  "I know.  Care to guess how it got there?"

Matt paled and fell back against the couch.  "Don't tell me."

Wyn couldn't help but laugh.  He took Matt's hand and placed the glass in it.  "Drink it, you'll feel better."

The smell of melting cheese took over the studio and Wyn checked on breakfast in the oven.  He could feel Matt's eyes on the back of his neck.  Matt asked, "Did I make a fool of myself?"

Wyn shook his head as he slide half the fritatta to one plate and the other half on another.  "No.  You made a few stereotypical comments.  Told me I smelled good and you see the results of that."

"Why did you let me?"  Matt asked.

Wyn grinned as he carried the two plates to the couch and sat down next to his guest.  "It was either that or have to pick you up off the floor.  The latter didn't seem appealing.  And I didn't mind."

"What are you going to tell people?"  Matt asked astounded.

"Nothing.  No one will ask me anything.  If you are worried I'll say anything I won't.  Not that anyone would believe that Matthew Lucas' likes men.  He may play gay men on the big screen, but his drop dead gorgeous girlfriend of three years says otherwise."

Matt stammered. "I don't... like men."

"If you say so."  Wyn just grinned at him.  "Eat Matthew. Before it gets cold."

"You called me Matthew last night?  I remember thinking it strange."  Matt commented as he shoved another bite into his mouth.

"Is that a problem?"  Wyn asked looking at the other man watching him enjoy the food he'd made.  It always made Wyn smile when people thought something he made was good.

Matt shook his head.  "No.  My mother is the only one who calls me Matthew, and then only when she's mad at me."

They finished eating in silence.  Matt stood up and looked around.  "Bathroom?"

Wyn pointed the direction and watched Matt walk away admiring what he saw in the tight jeans.