# Another Shot

Waking up on the couch was one thing.  Waking up on someone else couch another.  But waking up on another man's couch who he'd apparently given a hickey another story entirely.

Matt had denied liking men, but he didn't think the other man believed him.  He didn't like men!  The bathroom was small - barely enough room to move around. Matt washed his face with cold water.  What the hell had he been thinking last night?  He didn't even remember the guys name.  But he remembered shaking his hand.  He remembered feeling how soft and strong they were.  Shit!

The night came back to Matt in spits and sputters.  He remembered the cab and touching Nox... That was his name, Nox...  Matt closed the lid to the toilet and sat down with his head between his knees.  What had he been thinking?  He hadn't that was aparent.

"Fuck!"  Matt whispered to himself.  

Or so he thought because Nox shouted through the door, "You okay in there?"

Matt stood up and hesitated to open the door, but he did it anyway.  "Yeah.  Just trying to remember the night."

Nox shrugged his shoulders as he was pulling on a white t-shirt over his long lean body.  Matt would have sworn he saw scars marring what would have been a perfectly sculpted back.  Fuck!  Maybe he did like men.  This character was going to be the death of him.  

Matt realized he was staring when he met Nox's gaze in the mirror above his dresser that separated his studio into two separate areas.  He was grinning at Matt.  "Still think you don't like men."

"I don't.  Didn't. I've never stared at a man before apparently yesterday."  Matt stammered.

Nox turned around keeping the bed between Matt and himself. He had a shit-eating grin on his face and Matt had to swallow hard.  His voice was heavy with emotion, Matt could only assume was lust.  "So Matthew, you've only stared at me?"  He licked his lips and Matt took an involuntary step backwards. 

"I..."  Words did not form, his thoughts were erratic.  What was it about this man that made him speechless.  

Nox turned around and Matt felt relief flood through him when he picked up his keys on the dresser.  "I have to get to work."  He looked over his shoulder as Nox pulled on an orange button up shirt over the t-shirt he'd already put on.  "Lock the door when you leave, Matthew."

Matt didn't stay long in Nox's apartment.  He was out as soon as he found his shoes and made sure he had his keys, phone and wallet.  Superstitiously, Matt had gone through the wallet and sighed with relief when he found nothing missing.  
***

Three days had past since the night he'd gotten drunk and spent the night on Nox's couch.  But Matt couldn't get the dark hair and red highlights out of his mind, or the way Nox had smelled.  He cooked.  That was one up on Tiffany.  

What the fuck!  His thoughts had been wandering for three days.  Matt had finished reading the Victorian Hunter trilogy and was working on other material out there on the subject.  The good thing about working with existing fandoms is that there was plenty of study material.  

Tobias Vallen was an honorable man.  He just happened to like men in a world where that was worse than being a monster he hunted.  That was the biggest reason Tobias had fallen for Anders Bak, a centuries old vampire.  If you can't beat them join them.

Matt decided he didn't need to go back to the gay bar without someone backing him up.  He was grateful for Nox and the fact that he hadn't taken advantage of the situation.  But it would feel better with someone he knew.  So Matt called Jon.  

Jon picked up his phone, "Dude! We get to be lovers!"

Matt laughed, "That's why I'm calling.  There is a gay bar near my place, want to go study the characters?"

"Sure why not.  I'll meet you there?  8:30?"  Jon asked.

"Sounds good."  8:30 was still an hour away.  Matt went early.

The bartender nodded at Matt when he sat down to wait for Jon.  "White wine."

The man behind the bar nodded.  "If you drink wine, I won't give you tequila tonight."

Matt nodded. "Is that how it happened?"

The man just laughed.  "And a pretty face."

"You mean Nox?"

He just laughed as he placed the wine glass in front of me.  Matt sighed, "Can you tell me what happened?"

Jon chose that moment to come in, "What happened when?"

"Oh nothing."  Matt tried to direct the conversation elsewhere.  He didn't want Jon to know what happened.

But the bartender saw Matt's discomfort and smiled.  "Oh nothing, your buddy just drank too much and went home with a pretty face."

Matt's hands covered his face as he felt the blush creep up.  Jon laughed.  "Dude!  You've been researching without me."  He hit Matt's arm.  "So unfair!"

The bartender left and he saw him pick up the landline and dial but Jon grabbed him by the arm and dragged him towards the same booth he'd spoken to Nox in.  

Matt finished two glasses of wine before the bartender started bringing him water in wine glasses.  He brought them over himself with a smile and always said, "If it's too weak let me know."

An hour into their research, Jon had excused himself to hit the men's room.  A familiar face entered the room and sat down at the bar.  He spoke to the bar tender who was nodding and then nodded in his general direction.  Nox turned around, his hair and nails still matched, so did his shirt this time.  Nox smiled as Jon sat back down drawing Matt's attention.  "The bathroom is disgusting here."

Matt raised an eyebrow. "All bathrooms in all bars are disgusting."

Jon nodded towards the dance floor.  "Check him out!"

Matt felt his heart stutter when he saw who Jon was looking at.  Nox was alone on the dance floor.  No one was out there, the juke box was playing a hip hop song Matt didn't know.  Nox's body flowed from one dance move to the next with perfection.  The whole bar was watching him.  He didn't seem to notice all eyes were on him.

The burly man from before stopped in front of our table blocking Matt's view of Nox.  He grinned.  "You won't learn will you."

Jon asked, "What's he mean?"

Matt shook his head as he watched the big man walk past Nox on the dance floor and spoke in a low gruff voice Matt didn't hear over the music, but Nox was smiling when Matt looked at his face next.  Matt finally answered, "I have no idea."  And he really didn't, Nox seemed nice enough.

Jon finished his drink as another round landed on our table.  "Benji says that this should be more to your tastes," the waitress said.  

Matt sipped at the new glass and found it was again white wine.  Matt looked up at the bartender with a nod of appreciation.  Benji the bartender shook his head and nodded towards the man dancing in the middle of the bar.  Nox had given them this round.

Nox danced alone on the dance floor.  No one bothered him, and no one joined him.  People came and went but no one ever changed the music playing.  Jon had left ten minutes before the last song ended and Matt watched Nox walk to the bar and drink an entire glass of water.  He watched Matt over the rim of the glass and smiled when Matt met his gaze.

Last call was announced.  Matt made his way to the door.  He wasn't sure he learned anything, he did watch more than Nox to his own credit.  He watched couples and men who were there to get picked up and another man who was trying desperately to pick up another never seeming to land a guy.  Somewhere between his walk to the door Matt had lost sight of Nox.  

But he found him again standing at the exit leaning against the door frame with a smile.  "Learn anything?"  Nox asked.

Matt shrugged as he reached behind the other man for the door handle brushing against the fabric of the crimson shirt Nox wore.  Nox stepped to the side so Matt could pass.  Matt shrugged an answer.  "I don't know.  I don't think I'll pick up mannerisms overnight."

Matt noticed the yellowing bruise on his neck and blushed.  Nox smiled.  "Don't drink so much.  You'll see a lot more that way."

Matt laughed, "I tried to drink more, but I only had three glasses of wine."

"I know."  Nox said as he waved down a cab.  

"How did you know?"  Matt asked as the cab stopped in front of them.

"I told Benji if you came back to stop you at two unless I was there."  Nox opened the cab door and stood behind it and waved for Matt to get inside.

"Why would you do that?"  Matt stood outside the cab waiting for a reply.  "Why give me water in a wine glass?"

Nox smiled.  "Drink enough people don't suspect what you are doing.  Then drink water.  You are completely yourself and can pay attention but still act drunk if that's your game.  Then before you leave cap it of with a final one so you taste like whatever you were drinking."

"That still doesn't answer why?"  Matt asked again.

"Because I didn't want you to repeat what you might regret later."  Nox said flatly.  "Go home, Matthew.  Tomorrow is a big day."

Matt got in the cab and went back to his apartment wondering how Nox knew he had a big day tomorrow.
