# Twist and Turn

Nox was up and going early.  The writers had already given him a list of scenes the actors needed to perfect before the first day.  They'd been working on the scene with himself and another choreographer as the actors fleshing out each movement.  It was their job to teach the actors.  But the actors had a rigorous day in the gym before hand so Nox had plenty of time to go through all the scenes again.  And even more time when he arrived at the studio early.

Black spandex covered his body, it moved and breathed with him and gave full coverage.  Though he did opt to wear a pair of loose fitting shorts over his midsection.  The room he was practicing in had two floor to ceiling mirrored walls, the third wall had various weapons hung, the other was a series of charts and posters - some motivational, others were specific to the scenes they were working on.  Nox's wall of notes - most of the material on it was new to this set of actors and character scenes, but some of it was things he took from job to job.

He was stretching against one of the walls much like a ballerina might.  He'd taken ballet as a child, but he never really enjoyed it, but the warm ups he still used.  His back was to the door when Nox heard a throat clear.  He looked over his shoulder and saw Matt standing in the doorway.  "So this is how you knew?"

Nox smiled at him and switched sides so he was stretching facing Matt in the doorway.  "Maybe.  Maybe I was just stalking you."

Matt laughed, "I wouldn't put the latter past you."  Matt stepped inside and closed the studio door behind him.  He stood three feet away from Nox.  "Did you know we'd be working together when I did..."  He pointed to the remnant of the hickey on Nox's neck.

Nox nodded. "Yes.  It's why I decided to help you with your research as well as make sure you got home alright."

"I didn't actually make it home."  Matt laughed.

"That's because you passed out before I could get an address from you."  Nox stopped stretching and sat down on the ground to move into the next one.  He had to crane his neck to look up at Matt.  "You better get to where you need to go, Matthew."

"Why do you same my name like that?"

Nox grinned, "Like what?"

Matt looked behind him to see if anyone was near, the door had remained closed.  "Like you are making love to my name."  Matt squished his eyes closed as the color in his faced grew to a rosy color.

Nox waited for him to open his eyes before he answered. "Habit I suppose.  Would you prefer Duckling?  Or that I not say your name at all?"

Matt shook his head.  "So it's part of whatever game you are playing?"

"No game.  I like your name.  I like how it rolls off my tongue. Am I flirting?"  Nox stood up and closed the distance between them.  But he didn't invade Matt's space.  "Yes.  But only when we are alone."

"Why?"

Nox smiled.  "Because Matthew.  It's rare when I like someone enough to try."  Nox nodded at the door.  "You have someplace to be.  Leave the door open when you leave,"  Nox licked his lips before he finished his sentence, "Matthew."

***

The early encounter with Matt had given Nox cannon fodder for his imagination.  He didn't know why he was being blunt with Matt about what he felt.  Hell, Nox didn't even know why he was flirting with a guy who was fighting to remain completely straight.  But Nox knew Matt had watched him dance.  He knew that Matt when uninhibited had liked him.  But was it really worth risking the effort and the soul bearing.  Nox would have to wait and see, for now he had two actors to teach their first stunt and it happened that Matt was one of them.

After lunch Matt was the first one in the room.  He wore a pair of basketball shorts and a white tank top.  Nox couldn't help but admiring the long lean muscles of his arms and legs before Evelyn showed up.  She was playing Tobias' partner.  Both hunters out hunting a werewolf in the first episode.  They would be jumping from tree branch to branch above the ground and landing on the ground to jump into a hand to hand combat scene.  The werewolf actor would be CGI so a stunt man was able to do the job effortlessly in this scene.

Evelyn was wearing tights and a leotard.  Her body was well defined and exquisite under the thin layer of clothes.  Nox let his eyes wander once before he was at the actors side.  He held his hand out to Evelyn.  "You must be Evelyn."

She took his hand and Nox lifted it to his lips and kissed softly on the third knuckle.  "A pleasure.  My name is Nox."  She smiled at Nox and took her hand from him placing it on Matt's arm pulling him closer.  "This is Matt."

I offered him my hand which he took wearily.  I shook firmly.  "Matt.  A pleasure."  I looked at both of them, "Shall we?"

Matt raised a questioning eyebrow and Nox only grinned back at him.  "You both know the scene?"

The both nodded.  "Alright, then watch me."

Nox climbed up on top of the stage set up and jumped from the fist tree top to the next and to the next without the wires.  "You'll start out with wires, if you can master it in time you won't need it.  But they are always there if you want them.  In the scene Evelyn is first, then you Matt following close.  We'll start out one at a time then when you can do it alone we'll put you both up there.  Who wants to go first?"

Evelyn shook her head. "Nope."

"Matt?"  Nox asked.

He sighed.  "Alright, it can't be that hard."  Matt climbed up to the first branch and the stunt coordinator strapped Matt into the wires.  Nox climbed up there and watched as Matt tried to make the first jump, but he missed, falling slowly to the ground.

Matt tried several more times, "So, what am I doing wrong?"

"You are leaving too soon."  Nox stood behind Matt and pushed his leading foot to the edge of the mock tree.  "You need to leave from here."  Nox knelt down grabbed Matt's front leg. "The power needs to come from here."

Matt nodded.  "Okay."  He tried again this time he made it to the second branch but stopped.

Nox laughed, "You are supposed to do it again."

They worked on and off for three hours.  By the end of it Matt and Evelyn had made it to the end of the tree sequence and were ready to begin the jump down then the fight scene.  Evelyn left quickly citing some obligation before their next training session in the gym.  Matt sat and watched Nox on his small break.

Nox wasn't doing anything special worthy of watching but the other man watched none-the-less.  It was quiet in the studio now that they were left alone.  Matt spoke softly, "Matt?"

Nox grinned, "Do you want me to call my something else in front of others?"

"Why did you?"  He asked in quick response.

"I didn't think you wanted your co-workers to hear how I said your name considering what you told me it sounded like."  Nox grinned at Matt's deep blush as he climbed to the top of the tree structure and bounded from branch to branch back and forth like he was playing on the jungle gym in a school playground, flipping over every third jump to land on the other branch.

"If I hadn't said it would you still be calling me Matthew?"

Nox shook his head.  "No.  You aren't comfortable, I won't make it worse.  Or let your friends make it worse."

"Make what worse?"

"Matthew, do I really need me to say it out loud?"  Nox smiled as he flipped one last time and stuck his landing on the ground.

Matt's voice was quick and quiet.  "Yes."

Nox walked up to Matt and placed himself directly in front of the other man who was resting against the desk.  Nox whispered.  "I didn't want to make you feel more uncomfortable about what you did while intoxicated.  I don't think you want people to know you found me attractive enough then to push past your boundaries and leave a mark on my neck.  I don't think you want people to know you are questioning things you thought to be true.  And I definitely don't think you want people to know I'm flirting with you.  Is any of that wrong?"

Matt shook his head and stuttered. "I... Uh... Need.  To go."

Nox smiled.  "As you wish, Matthew.  I will see you tomorrow."