# Double Dog Dare You

One thing was certain now in Matt's mind - Wyn liked him.  And there was a very nagging feeling that said he liked the other man back.  Matt just wasn't sure what that meant.

The next few days went by with little incident.  They worked on the tree sequence, he and Evelyn and Wyn and the stunt man playing the werewolf.  Matt never caught the guys name, he was always quiet and never really did anything with them other than run away and fight the good fight when it came time.  

Wyn on the other hand, he flirted with everyone, Matt included though in that flirting he never once called him Matthew.  Matt was thankful and felt disappointed in the lack of his name - like it was all some big game to Wyn.  And maybe it was.

One afternoon after Jon had finished his requisite scene with Wyn - some jumping from the top of a building Jon found Matt watching Wyn.  The other man was dancing around the studio room listening to his own music in his head.  Matt watched as his mouth moved, counting out the sequence of steps - he was working on foot movements his hands hanging limply at his side.  Matt had no idea what he was doing.  Jon stood in the doorway next to Matt, "He's a good instructor and gay too.  I've seen him at that bar several times in the past few weeks. Though I've never seen him with another man. Maybe he's not so gay."

Matt smirked.  "You know he's slept with Dawn right?  He's not entirely gay."

Jon stared at Matt with a wide smile.  "You've been listening to the gossip.  How unlike Lucas you are today.   Where is my friend?"  Jon started punching Matt in the shoulder.  Jon laughed, "Maybe you should talk to him about your research.  He clearly knows how to be openly gay like Tobias."

Matt shook his head.  He still wasn't sure why he was standing here watching Wyn to begin with.  "I'll just keep watching his mannerisms."

Jon laughed.  "I've a better idea - ask him out.  Pretend to be gay, or into men, play Tobais and see where it takes you."

"I couldn't do that.  He's done nothing wrong."  Matt sighed.  His friend was going to make him regret standing here now.

"He's gay.  He won't know that you aren't into him.  He'd probably be grateful for your time."

Matt's voice sounded angrier to him than he should feel.  But he had to say it, "Just because he likes men doesn't make him an idiot."

Jon laughed, "Then you aren't a very good actor."  He leaned over and whispered in Matt's ear, "I double dog dare you to ask him out and make him like you."

Jon had just done two very bad things, accused Matt of not being a very good actor and dared him into something stupid.  Matt was not a risk taker by any means, but a challenge to what he felt was the core of his ability that was another story.

"Fine."  Matt nodded his head.  "I'll do it."

Jon waved his hand in front of him gesturing Matt to be his guest.  Matt sighed.  Fuck!  He had to do this now.  It took all the courage he had to walk past Jon and into the studio.  Matt stopped just outside the area Wyn had been using for his movements and cleared his throat.  "Wyn."

Matt's voice sounded strained even he could hear it cracking underneath.  Why did this man make him nervous.  Why was he doing this in front of Jon.  Wyn turned towards him with a smile that Matt had come to learn was faked.  One he wore when he was playing his game.  Matt took a deep breath, "I was wondering if you'd like to get a drink sometime?"

The look on Wyn's face changed from that fake smile to a look of confusion.  Wyn was staring past Matt at Jon grinning in the door way.  When Matt turned to see what Wyn was looking at Jon scampered off down the hall.  With a heavy sigh, Matt turned around to see a dark light behind Wyn's eyes.  He didn't sound angry when he spoke though, "Are you playing games now, Matthew?"

Matt shook his head, but his words said something else.  "Yes.  I mean no."

Wyn walked past Matt to sat down in the char at the desk and started writing something down on a piece of paper.  "Which is it?"  He never once looked up at Matt, just continued to flip through the papers on his desk while Matt stood there staring at him.

"Both, I guess.  Yes, Jon thinks it's a game.  But it's not a game I was wanting to play.  I would like to get a drink with you."

Wyn lifted his eyes towards Matt with a slight cock of his head to one side.  The long line of his neck exposed Matt something inside Matt shutter - memories of tasting his skin coursed through his body.  Wyn spoke softly, so soft Matt barely heard him.  "I don't drink."

It took a few moments for Matt to realize what he'd just said.  How could that be possible...  "But... At the bar.  Jon says he's seen you there a lot these past few weeks."

Wyn grinned, a real smile one that wasn't faked as he stood up and closed the distance between them.  "I only ever ordered water if you recall, Matthew."  Wyn smiled as he tucked the piece of paper into Matt's breast pocket and patted it softly against his chest.  "I'll play Jon's little game."

And without another word Wyn gracefully slide out of the studio towards the gym leaving Matt standing alone in the room.  He stood there for several minutes before Matt reached into his pocket and pulled out the note.  In a very neat and elegant print was written, "Starbucks around the corner 6am tomorrow."

Matt smiled.  He had a date.  Not that he expected to have a date with another man.  But Matt suspected that Wyn knew what was going on.  Even though it wasn't like a date date.  He didn't like guys.  Wyn's words from earlier in the week sounded in Matt's head - questioning things he knew to be true.  Did he like Wyn?  He pushed it out of his mind, he had to go prepare for the first shooting tomorrow.  It would be a long day.  Which was why Wyn probably opted for 6am coffee.

Matt found himself sitting in the lounge with his script and reading over his lines for the scene tomorrow.  Jon bounded in with a grin plastered on his face.  He plopped down next to Matt and hung over his shoulder to see what he was reading.

"So... How'd it go?"  Jon quipped.

I smiled.  "Coffee tomorrow morning."

As if he'd just landed a date with a girl Jon held up his hand for a high five and Matt obliged his friend though he wasn't exactly sure that was a good thing.  What if he liked Wyn?  

His phone sang a soulful ditty about love and Matt answered his phone.  "Hey Tiff, give me a second to go someplace more private.  I got Jon hanging on every word."  Matt smiled at his friend and left the lounge to go to his own trailer for now.  

Jon laughed as Matt walked away.  Tiffany asked in his ear, "What's he laughing at?"

"Oh nothing.  He thinks it's funny I've a date with a guy tomorrow."

"A what?"  Tiffany's voice rose in anger.

"It's nothing.  Just coffee with a guy who can shed some light on the current role.  He's very gay.  Nothing to worry about."  Matt said casually, but he wasn't sure he believed his own words.

