# Not On My Time

Wyn had been surprised to have Matt asking him out in the open until he saw Jon standing in the doorway watching with utmost attention.  He'd play their game for now.  Matt was openly looking at gay men with objective eyes - researching his part.  Wyn could help at least he thought he could.  Working with Matt had become a strain.

4am was bright and early - even for Wyn.  But he wanted to go for a run before he met with Matt at 6, that gave him plenty of time to shower and primp for this so called date.  The coffee shop was around the corner from the studio lot and it was frequented by nearly everyone on the set.  It was as good a place as any for this imaginary date.  He didn't expect anything from it.  Though he still couldn't keep his mind off of Matt.  Wyn had been dreaming about the actor since the night he'd met him.  He'd sunk deep into his mind so quickly and so easily  Wyn couldn't shake it.

The coffee house was busy even for 6am, but mostly with people coming and going with their morning pick-me up.  Wyn was a few minutes early and his hair was dripping wet from the rain outside.  His carefully styled spikes had now fallen into his face and he could taste the gel from his hair when he licked his lips.  Wyn sipped at black coffee while he waited for Matt to show up.  

The crowd waxed and waned for twenty minutes with no Matt.  The weather could be a deterrent but Wyn was feeling the sting of rejection with the dredges of his coffee.  Wyn stood up and was leaving a tip on the table when another coffee arrived.  The girl set it down and smiled.  "You Wyn?"

He nodded and she continued.  "He said to order you another of whatever you are having.  He's running late.  If you could wait, but if not he'd understand."

"Thanks."  Wyn sipped at the other coffee and waited.  Another 20 minutes went and Wyn finished his second coffee.  Matt walked in dripping wet and looking around frantic.  Matt smiled when he saw Wyn setting down his cup.  The other man rushed over with a sad smile.  "I'm sorry I'm so late."

Wyn shrugged.  He could feel the empty pit in his stomach.  Matt put his hand on Wyn's arm.  "My girlfriend had to call and I couldn't get her off the phone. She was telling all the things I needed to ask you." He sighed and sat down opposite Wyn.  "I'm sorry."

"We can do this another time."  Wyn said.  "I've been here 40 minutes and I don't think I can drink another coffee."

Matt frowned.  "I'm sorry.  Really."

Wyn nodded.  "Don't worry about it."  Wyn glanced at the time on his phone.  "I need to get to work."

"Okay.  Can we do this again some other time?"

Wyn stood up and placed himself in front of Matt and leaned down.  "Matthew, you have a girlfriend. Why are you even bothering to pretend that this means anything to you?"

Matt took Wyn's hand and pulled him closer.  "I..."

Wyn stood up straight and looked at Matt.  He whispered, "You what? Matthew.  I need you to say it."

Matt looked up at Wyn like a deer in headlights.  He was afraid, but he stood up and pressed himself against Wyn.  He tried to work his mouth but it failed.  Wyn watched him fail to find the words and shrugged.  He turned to walk away from Matt, but Matt grabbed Wyn's shirt and pulled him towards him. The kiss was sudden and tentative on Wyn's lips.  Wyn stared at him with wide eyes. Matt relaxed when Wyn did and Wyn's eyes fluttered closed as he leaned in to press his lips harder against Matt's.

First kisses were not new to Wyn.  But they always held the tinge of excitement of what was to follow.  This was different.  Butterfly wings beat inside Wyn's stomach. His heart pounded against his chest and the only sound Wyn could hear was the sound of Matt's breathing and his own pulse in his ears.

Wyn pulled away with a smile and leaned his forehead against Matt's.  "Not exactly what I was expecting."

Matt smiled back.  But Wyn frowned, "That still doesn't negate the fact that you have a girlfriend and this is just pretend for you." Wyn leaned in and kissed Matt softly on the lips, just a brush against the other man.  "I will be your guinea pig, Matthew.  But nothing more in public."  Wyn stepped away from Matt and headed for the door.  "I will see you at work."

Wyn left Matt standing next to their table.  He could feel the other man's eyes on his back as he walked back into the down pour.

The next time Wyn was alone with Matt was at the end of the day.  Wyn had just finished his sessions with Jon and Evelyn before everyone was leaving the set to go home.  Wyn was cooling down when Matt stopped in the doorway.  Wyn smiled to himself as Matt watched as he danced around the studio rehearsing the last bits of tomorrow's sessions.  

Wyn stopped and walked over to his desk to put on his shoes.  Matt spoke softly.  "Dancing is your life isn't it?"

"It's what makes me happy."  Wyn looked up to find the other man sitting on the edge of his desk.  

"We should go one day."  Matt said softly.

"You have a girlfriend for that."
 
Matt asked.  "That's a big deal for you isn't it?"

"No."  Wyn shook his head.  "It is for you.  Do you want to be seen with me - cheating on your girlfriend with another man?  Do you even want the rumor to exist?  You've lead a relatively unscathed limelight life.  Why do you want to tarnish it for a research project?"  Wyn stood up and pressed himself against Matt's leg on the desk and leaned into him.  "I've been with men who were in the closet.  I've been with women who were cheating on their boyfriends.  Neither bother me.  I don't want you to regret anything, Matthew."

"I..."  Wyn put a finger to Matt's lips.

"Shhh.  Would you like to come over and we can finish this conversation?"  Wyn asked quietly.

Matt nodded.  Wyn asked another question.  "Do you remember where I live, Matthew?"

He nodded.  "Meet me downstairs in the bar in an hour."  Wyn pressed two fingers against his lips then to Matt's.  "See you soon."

Wyn took the train home in relative silence the rattling of the tracks the only thing interrupting his thoughts.  He wasn't sure why he was investing time in a guy who was only doing research.  But he couldn't get Matt off his mind, so this was at least catering to that particular dream.

The bar below his place was owned by Anna - his landlord/roommate.  The living situation was perfect for Wyn.  Ana had a three bedroom apartment above her bar.  One room had it's own access which was used as a make shift office years before Wyn moved in.  The adjoining door dead-bolted on both sides, but only Anna's side could unlock his. Anna never had to, it was more an emergency thing than anything.  She had the key to his front door anyway.  He could use her full sized kitchen anytime he wanted as long as he cooked for her too.  They only did that once a month when they marathoned Game of Thrones or some other TV show they both watched.

Wyn managed a shower and threw on a t-shirt and a pair of khaki shorts and padded barefoot down to the bar.  Anna kept it perfectly clean it was free of bar debris.  And besides it would be near empty at this hour.  Anna might even have shut down by now.  But from the light music playing down the stairs Wyn didn't think so.  Most of Anna's clientele was regulars and the night shift was slow thought Anna did stay open in hopes for a few customers.

Wyn made his way to the jukebox near the stairs and started setting up a playlist with the quarters in his pocket. He had a set list.  When he finished there were about three songs in front of his.  They weren't Anna's choices which meant there was a few stragglers in the bar.  Wyn turned to look out at the near empty bar.  

Sam sat in the corner nursing his beer.  He looked like a homeless man, but Wyn knew he wasn't.  He worked for a local IT company and on his time off spent it in the streets helping out the homeless in the East Village.  

And then there was Jerry at the bar.  He was a biker out of place.  But he was Anna's uncle.  He came in every other Thursday for a few drinks and to catch up with Anna.  Anna's father, Jerry's brother died a few years back and they reminisced and had a good time on a slow Thursday night.

Anna was regaling a tale to her uncle as Wyn sat down at the bar and waited.  Anna didn't even ask Wyn for his order as she moved about the bar and poured him a glass of lemon water as she continued the story.  "I remember the fish was only as big as his hand.  But every time he told it it grew bigger and bigger."

Jerry laughed.  "Sounds like your father."  He glanced down the bar at me.  "How's it going Wyn?"

"Confusing, Jerry.  Job's great.  Love the actors, they do well - listen better than some I've had in the past."

Anna laughed.  "What bring you down here on your late night?"

"Date."  

Anna raised an eyebrow.  "You are bringing someone here?"

Wyn shrugged.  "It's complicated.  See if he even shows up."

"He?"  Anna asked as she leaned over and bent a listening ear.

"I'd rather not talk about it right now, Anna."  Wyn gave her his best smile and pleaded with his eyes.  He really didn't want to tell Anna about Matt.  She'd find out soon enough.

Anna asked, "Why wouldn't he show up?  You already being a prick?"

"No".  Wyn shook his head.  "It's complicated, but he nearly stood me up this morning.  Too late to actually have our date."  Wyn glanced at his phone and sighed, "And another twenty minutes late now."

Wyn took a sip at his water.  "I'm gonna go dance, if he shows up that's where I'll be.  If you need to close up just let me know."


Anna asked, "How will I know if he shows up, Wyn?"

Wyn grinned, "You'll know."

Wyn moved out on to the dance floor and started dancing to the sound of the music on he jukebox, it wasn't one of his choices but he didn't want to sit at the bar and talk with Anna about Matt.  He didn't want to talk about anything right at all, just dance.