# Long Distance Relationship

Matt had today all planned out.  He had a date at 6am - one he was looking forward to in a weird sort of way.  But Tiffany had called the night before and he'd stayed up way too late and woke up late.  He did manage to call the coffee shop and asked Wyn to stay.  He really didn't have any way of contacting him otherwise.  It had been raining which slowed everything down.  Matt had been more than 40 minutes late.  Wyn hadn't seemed happy about it but he didn't say much more other than he had to go.

After work he had spoken to Wyn and he invited Matt out again.  Nerves coursed through his body.  He took a cab home and got a shower.  As he was leaving his phone rang.  Matt knew Tiffany was going to make him late but he couldn't help but answer anyway.  "Hey babe."

"How'd your date go?"  Tiffany sounded like she was enjoying him teasing about his new friend.

"You kept me up too late and I was too late to talk to him. And if you keep me talking too much tonight you'll make me late again."  Matt teased back.

Tiffany laughed.  "Oh honey.  You'll be late again?  When are you ever on time, Matt?"

"I don't think he likes tardiness.  He seems to get angsty when we are late to sessions." 

"Does he yell at you, Matt.  Or do gay men not yell?"  Tiffany's humor could be heard over the phone.

"I don't know about all gay men, but he doesn't yell just gives you this look that says he's pissed."  

Tiffany laughed, "Well fine go talk to your boyfriend and leave me all alone."

"Stop calling him that.  He has a name you know."

"You never told me his name."

Matt sighed.  "Wyn. Wyn is his name."

"Is he cute?"  Tiffany asked as he shut his apartment door to get in the cab that had arrived for him.

"I don't know.  How would I know?"  Matt climbed in the cab and gave the driver the address with his phone tucked against his chest.  

He put his phone back to his ear. Tiffany asked, "So cryptic, Matt."

"Sorry."  Matt apologized. "I'm already running late, can I call you back tomorrow?"

"Yes, my love.  I want to hear all about your date with Wyn." She giggled.  "Love you."  Tiffany hung up before he had a chance to reply.

The cab ride was short, traffic was on his side, but he was still 30 minutes late.  It was better than before, but not much.  Matt knew he was always late.  It was one of the things Stan got on to him about.  The bar was light up outside, but the open sign was not on and the door was locked.  Matt sighed.  "Well shit."

Matt was going to have to hail yet another cap tonight, but the door to the bar opened up.  "He's still here."  Said a soft voice.  "Wyn is preoccupied right now.  Come on in."

The woman had brown hair she kept pulled back in two braids, and wore a pair of black glasses on top of her head.  Matt smiled  "I'm sorry I'm late."

The petite woman smiled, "You don't need to apologize to me.  Wyn has been dancing for about forty minutes, he'll run out of songs soon.  I'm Anna.  I own the bar you two are welcome for as long as you like.  Just leave out the side entrance."

Matt nodded, "Thank you Anna.  I'm sorry to inconvenience you."

"No worries.  I worry about him more than me.  If he wasn't dancing he'd have already left."

"Thank you again."  Matt moved towards the dance floor and stopped a few feet away from the path Wyn had been taking.  He watched the tall graceful steps of long legs and fluid movements of his arms.  Wyn frowned when he saw Matt standing in front of him.  Wyn didn't stop whatever movement he was doing when he spoke.  "Matthew, you are late.  Is this something I should expect?"

Matt could hear the note of disappointment in the other man's voice.  "Most likely.  I've never been early."

Wyn nodded.  "Noted."

"Pour yourself a drink. Anna's gone up to her place, we've the bar to ourselves for a little while."  There was a hint of command in Wyn's request.  Matt walked behind the bar and poured two glasses of water and added lemon to them.  When he handed one of them to Wyn the other man had a bright smile and sipped at the water.  "You don't want anything a little stronger, Matthew?"

Matt shook his head.  "No.  I want to remember."

Wyn smiled and waved  his hand towards a table.  "As you wish.  What do you want to talk about?"

Matt followed the other man and sat down opposite him.  "I'm sorry about being late.  I'm bad at it.  Stan always tells me to be someplace a half an hour before I need to be there."  

Wyn smiled, "I will have to remember that."

Matt felt a sudden relief when the other man smiled.  It wasn't the fake smile he was coming to see regularly while they worked together.  This one was real.  "How did you know?"  That was the first of many questions Matt asked Wyn about being into men.  Wyn was very open with all his answers. But Wyn looked like he was fighting something.  His eyes were sad even though his smile was genuine.

Matt changed his line of questions.  "How long have you known Anna?"

Wyn laughed, "That's slightly off topic."

Matt shrugged.  "Not really.  I'm understanding your underlying personality.  Anna seemed to know you well enough to know you were miffed I was late, but that dancing kept you here."

"If I answer personal questions you answer in return."  Wyn countered.

Matt nodded, "Alright."

"Anna has been my landlord for eight years.  After I graduated with my Masters in Dance, I found a job at studio near by and needed a place to stay.  It was all I could afford at the time.  You're turn.  Does your girlfriend know you are here with me?"

Matt nodded. "Yes.  She thinks its funny.  Have you and Anna ever..."

Wyn cocked his head to the side when Matt didn't finish the sentence.  "Have we ever what?"

"You know..."  Matt blushed.

Wyn grinned, "Say it, Matthew."

"Had sex.  Have you ever had sex with Anna."  Matt could feel the blush running to his ears and cheeks.

"No we've not.  If you want my answers, Matthew, you must ask them.  Turning red is fine.  I will answer anything, but you have to ask."  Wyn sounded very confident in his words.  He never seemed to get embarrassed.

Matt nodded.  Wyn stared at him sipping at the water in front of him.  The silence was long.  Matt frowned, "Your turn."

Wyn blinked and smiled like he'd forgotten their deal.  "Does your girlfriend know you are entertaining the idea that you like men?"

The blood rushed to his ears again, he could feel the burning underneath his collar too.  Matt shook his head and spoke in hushed whisper, "No."

Wyn leaned back against the chair and tipped on to the back two feet.  It took Matt a few moments to realize it was his turn to ask a question.  His voice never rose more than that bare whisper, "Are you playing me?"

The chair Wyn was leaning in tipped forward and slammed into the ground loudly through the empty bar.  Wyn was standing and turned Matt's chair so he could sit in Matt's lap.  He leaned forward and Matt could feel Wyn's breath against his neck.  "If I were playing you, you would not be in the bar below my home."

"Then what are you doing?"  Matt asked straight out.

Wyn ran his nose and lips against Matt's neck.  His chest rose with the deep intake of breath against Matt's skin.  "Ah ah ah, my turn.  Do you want me to stop?"

Matt was honest.  "I don't know."  Matt swallowed hard.  "Will you kiss me?"

Wyn sat back putting his weight on Matt's knees and looked into Matt's hazel eyes with curious.  Wyn nodded. "Yes.  Matthew, Will you come upstairs?  I promise nothing will happen that you don't want to."

Matt nodded unable to speak.  Wyn leaned forward and placed his lips against Matt's.  The sensation was electric.  Wyn's mouth was soft, his lips were softer and he tasted like lemon.  A small moan escaped Matt's mouth through their kiss when Wyn's fingers found their way into the hair at the nape of Matt's neck.  For a man, his kiss was gentle yet strong and it sent blood rushing to other parts of Matt's body he wasn't ready to admit to wanting.
