# Above the Bar

Nox pulled away from Matt sensing his discomfort.  He stood up and offered Matt his hand.  "Only if you want to Matthew."

Matt took his hand and Nox smiled.  Nox entwined his fingers in Matt's and lead him over to the door outside to make sure everything was locked up before he headed towards the stairs.  The bar and the stairwell went dark when Nox flipped off the switch.  Matt's long fingers twitched nervously in his.  Nox squeezed Matt's fingers reassuringly as they reached the landing Nox let go and fished his keys from his pocket to unlock the door.

Matt spoke softly.  "I do not remember the last time."

Nox chuckled.  "I do quite well."  Nox turned to look at Matt who was blushing brightly.  Nox touched his cheek and smiled.  "You are too cute sometimes."

Nox welcomed Matt into his home.  The small burgundy couch where Matt had slept the last time was not empty.  Anna was sprawled out on it.  Nox's mouth fell into a natural grin.  "I think she was worried about me."

Matt stood in the doorway.  "Maybe I should go."

Nox turned around to face the other man.  "If you want to but you don't have to.  I'll just take Anna to bed."  Matt's face went pale and I laughed softly, "In her own bed.  If you could get the spare key taped to the bottom of the fire extinguisher case."

Matt stepped outside and Nox picked up Anna, one hand under her head and the other under her knees.  She was not too heavy but Nox walked slowly so as not to bump her head against the door frame.  Anna curled against Nox and smiled.

Matt saw the smile and asked, "You do this often?"

Nox nodded.  "Often enough.  We've been friends a long time.  She's the only person who is always there for me other than my foster family or G."

Matt unlocked the door and Nox headed straight for Anna's bedroom in the darkened apartment.  He set Anna down on top of her blankets and removed her shoes before covering her with another blanket.  Matt was waiting for him outside the apartment.  When he saw Nox he stepped forward and sighed, "I should go home."

Nox shrugged. "If you want to."  He could hear the disappointment in his own voice.  Nox locked Anna's door behind him before heading into his own apartment.  Matt followed a few steps behind and stopped in the doorway.  Nox opened up the fridge and pulled out a bottle of water.  "Whatever you want to do, Matthew."

Matt didn't move from the door way as Nox opened the bottle and turned to look at the other man.  Matt asked, "Why do you sometimes make what you say sound like a command and other times you leave it for me to decide?"

Nox smiled.  "I'm trying to understand what you want from me.  The commands to see if you want me to take charge and make all the decisions where we go.  When I don't to see what you'll do if given the choice to flee.  You don't seem to know what you want.  I'm trying to figure out how best to get to where I want to go."

Matt asked, "Where do you want to go?"

Nox let out a short laugh.  "As if that's not obvious from my reputation."

"That's not an answer."

Nox nodded and sat down on his bed.  "Alright I'll play straight.  My end goal is to have you in my bed enjoying everything we can offer one another."  Nox held up a finger.  "But you aren't ready for that.  You are barely ready to be kissing."

Nox leaned back and stared up at the ceiling.  "Matthew, I'll be completely honest with you.  I like you.  I want you very badly.  I don't bring guys, or girls, especially girls, home to my apartment.  Yet I've done it twice with you and neither time did I have the express intention of sleeping with you."

"Why not?" Matt asked.  Nox gave Matt a quizzical look.  "Why didn't you intend to sleep with me tonight?"

Nox sat up suddenly and was standing in front of Matt.  "Because you aren't ready. You blush when we talk about sex.  You get nervous when I'm close."

"I.."  Nox leaned in and kissed Matt softly interrupting his comment.

Nox pulled away breathless and Matt was panting too.  "Matthew, you should go home."

"See, you did it again."  Matt pressed his lips against Nox's quickly, "What if I don't want to?" His voice was breathless.

Nox grinned against Matt's lips.  "I would have to insist."

"Would you make me?"  Matt asked.

Nox took a step back and smiled.  "Would you like that Matthew?"

Matt just stared at Nox his lips parted and still panting softly from the previous kisses.  Nox closed the distance and pressed his lips against Matt's ear and whispered.  "What if I gave you incentive to go home?"

Nox could feel Matt's pulse racing in his neck.  He wanted to bite down on that spot and suck hard and make Matt moan.  "What kind of incentive?"  Matt asked in a lust filled voice.

"Homework.  Do you want to be with me Matt?"  Nox kissed his neck in the place he wanted to suck so badly. 

Matt nodded against Nox's mouth.  "Yes," he whispered.  "But..."

Nox bit softly not hard enough to leave a mark but Matt goaned softly.  Nox whispered, "Will you do as I ask?"  

Matt nodded.  "I'll try."

Nox chuckled in Matt's ear and Nox could feel Matt's body tense under implied pleasure.  "When you go home, I want you to try a few things.  First I want you to see if you like the sensation of a wet finger against your rectum."  

Matt audibly swallowed. "And the other things?"

"Just one other, when you come tonight, I want you to taste yourself."  Nox kissed against Matt's neck.

"How is this incentive to go home?"  Matt's voice was heavy with desire.  "I could do all that here."

Nox let out a soft moan of pleasure, "Oh how I would love to watch you, Matthew.  But you should be alone while you think about me.  I want you to think about me.  If you do this and tell me about it later we can do more.  If you don't want to do this, Matthew that is alright too, but I won't be more than a friend.  We can talk about whatever you want, pretend for Jon if you like that it's more, but we would only ever be friends.  I won't pressure you into anything not even this.  There is no pressure, Matthew.  No commands, no ultimatums, just the facts."

Nox kissed Matt softly, "But I need you to go home and think about what you really want from this.  I want you, but I will wait until you are ready."

"And if I'm never ready?"  Matt asked.

"Then we'll be friends.  No harm, no foul."

"But you'll still help me with understanding Tobias?"  Matt asked and Nox nodded.  Matt smiled.  "I will go home."  Matt leaned forward and kissed Nox hard on the lips his tongue darting between Nox's leaving him breathless.  Matt pulled away and his ears and neck were bright red, "Think of me."

Nox drew in a deep breath as he followed Matt out the door and called after Matt, "Always."

