# Second Thoughts

Matt left Nox's apartment with a raging hard on.  Something he hadn't expected from the man, any man, to give him.  Nox's mouth was soft and wet and Matt couldn't help but think about all the things he could do with it.  He walked home.  All the way home in the cold air of the night.  Matt thought about calling Tiffany but he couldn't think beyond Nox's homework.  Matt wondered if Nox would think of him in the same way.  He had wanted to watch Matt come - to touch himself.  That sent shivers down Matt's spine.

The cold air did nothing to diminish the hard on he had as he walked.  And the walk had done nothing more than make the inevitable happen when he got home.  Matt pulled his clothes off and lay in bed stroking himself thinking of Nox's mouth on his cock.  The electric touch of his fingers against his balls.  And lower...

Matt sucked on two of his fingers and moved slowly between his cheeks and did ask Nox instructed.  He caressed the rim of his anus and bit back a moan of pleasure imagining Nox's plush tongue running around it.  He slide a finger just inside and  felt his cock twitch against his sheets.  Matt steadied himself and thought about all the things he had done in a prior relationship with women, but in those position he substituted Nox.  His soft scent of lavender, the taste of lemons on his mouth.  Matt shuddered as he came into his hand.  He hadn't finished spasming when he brought his hand to his mouth and licked it clean.  

Matt fell asleep naked curled up around his pillow wishing he wasn't alone.  The next morning the sun shone into Matt's window and he found waking up to a name he was uttering, "Oh Nox."  He found himself lying with his hand around pillow in a death grip.  His cock was hard again and pressed against the pillow.  Images of the other man scorching his mind.  His phone rang and Matt jumped.  Tiffany...  He grabbed his phone and glanced at the time.  He was late - again.

"Tiff.  I can't talk now.  I'm late."  Matt rushed out as he pushed thoughts of the other man from his mind.

"You never have any time for me."  Tiffany pouted.

"I'm sorry.  I'll make it up to you I promise."  Matt promised.

"Tell me about your date while you get ready?"

Matt felt fear run through his mind.  He had cheated on his girlfriend with another man.  Nox had been right it was a big deal to him.  "Nothing happened, Tiff."  Matt lied, kinda.  "I asked a lot of questions.  How he knew he was gay?  When he knew?  What his first time was like?"

Tiffany laughed, "Did he answer that last one."

Matt was busy getting dressed and nodded.  He knew she couldn't see him, but his voice seemed to be gone.  Nox had told him all about his first time with another man.  Matt croaked out, "Yeah, he did.  In detail."

"Really?  In detail."  She sounded horrified.

"He likes to talk about sex.  It was awkward."

Tiffany laughed, "I bet it was, darling.  Get to work before he yells at you for being late."

"Thanks.  I'll talk to you later, Tiff. I love you."  Matt hung up.  He felt the lie in his mouth.  It tasted like garbage, why was he doing this.  Why was he flirting with a guy who was clearly only into sex.  Matt sighed and talked to himself, "I'll just ignore him.  Pretend I didn't do what he asked.  He'll believe that.  I can do this."

Matt found himself late to the gym and their trainer got angry but he didn't do anything.  He hadn't miss a shoot, and he hadn't missed any line readings, or Nox's lessons.  He was the first one to their session and he watched as Nox ran through the choreography he was about to show them.  The man moved gracefully through each of the fight sequences, like he had been fighting his entire life.  The man opposite him moved like a fighter, graceful like a wolf, where Nox was like a cat.  

Matt shook himself he had to stop thinking of him like that, stop thinking of him like he was interested what lie underneath the tight clothes he wore.  Matt jumped when someone touched his shoulder.  Jon laughed.  "Watching the pretty boy?  He a good lay?"

Matt stared at Jon in stunned silence.  He mumbled, "What?"

"You had a date with him last night?  He fucks everyone.  Was he a good lay?"  Jon asked again.

Matt shook his head, "I wouldn't know.  I didn't spend the night.  We just talked.  He's just helping me understand Tobais."

Jon laughed, "One doth protest too much."

Nox noticed them standing there and waved them over.  "We need Evelyn then we can begin. You can start warming up."  Nox moved towards his desk and sat down waiting on Evelyn who was twenty minutes late.  

She came in panting like she'd been running.  Nox sighed.  "Does everyone in this room think appointed times are negotiable?"

He was aggravated, Matt could tell.  He stood and frowned, but he said nothing.  Nox moved out on to the floor and started demonstrating what going on.  

They carried through the scene the three of them fighting and learning new moves until it was time to go read lines.  Nox spared Matt a smile and said nothing.  Matt turned quickly pretending he didn't see the smile and moved on to his next thing on his schedule.

That's how they played it for the next week.  Each day it grew easier for Matt to pretend he wasn't drooling over the misplaced hair that fell over Nox's forehead when he was demonstrating things.  Or when he caught the other man lifting weights in the gym in the wee hours in the morning.  They had even gone to lunch together with Jon and Jon asked him questions about his character and what he could do to make it feel better.  

Matt was fairly certain Jon hadn't meant it the way Nox answered it.  And from the tight way he looked at Jon the whole time he knew exactly what the other actor had meant by it.  Jon had been fishing for a dick comment - something to infer that Nox was good and truly gay and into Jon.  Which Matt knew was not the case.  Nox never once gave Jon that smile he knew all too well.

The next week Nox was no longer sparing Matt hidden smiles.  He was pleasant and flirting the same as he always had been but the smile was gone. Their lunches became regular and Nox was true to his word, he kept helping with Tobias and they were friends, even Jon considered him a friend.

Tiffany had stopped teasing Matt about Nox when she realized it was just a friendship.  It was working.  But Matt was still fantasizing about the other man.  Finding himself dreaming of him on a regular basis.

The three of them were at lunch on a Friday night three weeks after Matt had seen Nox alone in his apartment when Jon asked, "Nox why don't you come out with us tonight, we are going dancing."

Nox looked at Matt, "I don't think that would be a good idea."

Matt frowned, "Why not?"

"I have other plans."  Nox said flatly.

"If it's with that girl you are banging you can bring her."  Jon said with triumph.

"It not appropriate."  Nox answered.

"Why the hell not?" asked Jon.

"Because we don't do the dating thing."

Matt encouraged, "Aw come on you can join us for a little while."

Nox frowned, "Fine, if you insist."

Jon nodded, "We do."  Jon got up.  "I got to hit the gym for a list few reps I'll see you guys tonight outside Lavo."

Matt nodded and Nox just grunted, he didn't sound happy.

When Jon was gone Matt found Nox looking at him.  Matt gave Nox a half smile, "You have a girlfriend?"

He stood up and answered flatly, "No.  A friend with benefits.  I needed an outlet."  He walked away from Matt without another word.  

Matt sighed and got up and followed Nox out of the diner.  "Hey wait up."  Nox never slowed down.  "Come on Nox.  I didn't mean anything by it."

Nox stopped.  "I know you didn't, Matthew.  Go do your thing I will see you tonight."  Nox rushed across the street dodging cars so Matt couldn't follow.  Matt felt like an ass.  But there was little he could do about that right now he had to get to the reading on the table for the night before the long weekend.

