# Rejection

Three weeks had gone by before he and Matt had been alone together and Wyn had wanted to go before Matt said anything but he had moved too slow.  Matt asked about Dawn.  The only girl with whom he had a long term arrangement with - fuck buddies.  They didn't date.  They didn't go to each other's places.  And they certainly didn't hang out.  She was in an on again phase, and because Wyn had met Matt he'd been telling her no.  That was until one week ago when Dawn found him alone in the studio and came on to him.  

They'd had sex right there on the desk with the door wide open anyone could have walked in while Wyn was pounding in to her.  He almost had wished someone had.  But Dawn was one of those people who liked to spread rumors so Jon had somehow found out about their little tryst and the one in the costume room.  Maybe even about the one down in the gym early one morning.  No one had caught them but it was not like it meant anything.  It was just sex.  

It was what Wyn did when he started hating himself.  Instead of downing booze like his step-father he slept with everyone he could possibly think of.  Except that the one person he wanted to sleep with was ignoring him and was the reason why he was drowning his misery in between the legs of Dawn Mendes.  Now Jon was asking him out as a friend would.  He had never done so until he'd started joining he and Matt at lunch to discuss gay culture and the likes.  Wyn supposed it was better than playing gay best friend to a girl like Dawn.  Dawn tried so hard, but he didn't want that.  He'd promised Matt he'd stay friends so when Matt had wanted him to go dancing with them he had agreed.

But he was regretting it the moment Matt opened his mouth.  He darted across traffic to escape the terror that was running through his mind.  Matt had wanted to be friends, nothing more.  He could do that, he was doing that, but Matt was liberal with his liquor and Wyn was weak.  He knew he was weak when it came to Matt.

But Wyn didn't miss a chance that night to make an impression.  He wore tight leather pants that had no room for anything underneath and a sheer black gauze shirt that he buttoned up the whole way.  His nails were painted black.  Wyn colored his hair completely black and tipped it in gold and silver and dashed glitter in his hair, and all over his skin.  His eye liner was thick and wider than usual.  He finished off the look with knee high leather boots.  

Anna caught him walking out of his door and she whistled, "What you looking so hot for?"

Wyn smiled.  "For myself - mostly.  I intend to show Matt what he's missing out on.  Don't wait up for me.  I don't intend to be home early."

Anna frowned, "I'm assuming you won't be seducing Matt tonight."

Wyn shook his head.  "Not on his life.  He doesn't want me.  I'm not going to waste anymore time on trying."

Anna nodded, "Don't get lost in the fight to feel better about yourself Wyn.  Come over when you get home, no matter the hour.  I'll have ice-cream and a movie waiting."

Wyn nodded as he left to catch the train to Lavo.

It had been a while since he'd been to the club.  It was thumping and Wyn walked the line from the doors to the end looking for his friends.  But he didn't find them, he was early and the first one apparently.  

Evelyn was the first one to show up with a man on her arm.  He was mildly attractive, wearing jeans and a silk button down in green.  Evelyn made the introductions as they wrapped their bodies around themselves and started dry humping in the line to the music thrumming outside of the open doors.

Jon was late.  He clapped Wyn on the shoulder and then pulled his hand away like he'd been shocked.  "Holy fuck!  You are dressed to get laid."

Wyn smiled.  "That's kinda the point.  Why come out dancing without at least getting laid as a secondary goal."  Tonight it was his primary goal.

Matt showed up ten minutes after Jon and they'd only moved about 20 feet closer to the door.  They stood outside Jon was chatting with the girls in front of them when Wyn saw Matt from a distance.  His walk was distinct and Wyn watched him.  Matt saw Wyn too and stopped dead in his tracks when he saw what Wyn was wearing.  His mouth dropped a little and Wyn smiled.  He pretended not to see Matt and wrapped his arm around a girl that Jon was talking to.  She was the uglier of the two and Jon didn't seem to mind when Wyn was whispering in her ear.  Matt finally joined them.  "Hey."

Wyn spared Matt a glance and noticed he was wearing jeans and a button up shirt in white.  Wyn nodded at Matt and went back to flirting with the girl.  The girls slipped into the club before them, said they'd meet them at the bar.  It left the five of them together waiting at the front of the line.  Jon wrapped an arm around Wyn, "You are the best wing man ever."  He elbowed Matt, "He takes the ugly ones.  I guess when you are gay looks don't matter."

Wyn frowned and turned towards the bouncer and smiled at him.  Wyn knew the guy.  He'd gotten the number of a guy for him before - one he'd been chatting up at the door before he gained entrance.  Wyn put a hand on the big bouncers forearm and smiled.  "Can I get in?"

The man smiled at him.  "Anything for you sweet-thang.  I owe you.  Your friends I can't."  

Wyn smiled.  "That's alright.  I want to get away from him."  The bouncer took Wyn by the hand and helped him past the velvet rope.  Wyn kissed the bouncer softly on the lips and winked at him.  Then waved a sarcastic good-bye to his so-called friends and headed off into Lavo to dance.

The night went on with Wyn on the dance floor.  He wrapped himself around a girl but whenever he was getting ready to make a move he'd see Matt ruining his mood.  Or rather making his mouth water as the other man moved on the dance floor.  

Wyn watched as Matt frequented the bar four times in the span of thirty minutes always carrying two shots.  He wasn't dancing with anyone in particular, but he'd move across the dance floor like he knew what he was doing but still faithful to his girlfriend who was around the world.  Wyn sighed and decided it was best if he left.

It wasn't even 11pm when he found himself outside the bar.  Anna was still tending bar on a busy night.  Wyn walked in and no one even noticed as he walked over to the juke box and started up his play list.  Anna came over and put her hand on the juke box and leaned over looking up at Wyn. "You are here early?"

Wyn whispered, blood rushing to his ears, "I couldn't focus on anything other than the man I went to forget."

Anna hugged Wyn before she went over to the bar and fished a few more quarters from the cash drawer.  She handed them to Wyn with a glass of water.  "Until I close up.  That should last you."

Wyn nodded, "Thanks Anna."

Wyn dropped a few more songs and moved into the dance floor getting lost in the motions of the dance.  He had the whole floor to himself.  No one bumped into him.  No one came up behind him to dance with him.  There was no one to grind against.  Wyn didn't follow the flow of a traditional dance throng anyway choosing to do things he'd learned through out the years - ballet, tap, jazz, a few waltz to the speed of the music, getting lost in each dance move.

The lights went out as the last song ended and Anna stood in the door way that lead to their landing with an outstretched hand.  Wyn took it gratefully and they went up the flight of stairs and to Anna's apartment.  On her couch sat three movies - Fifty First Dates, Iron Man and Save the Last Dance.

Anna went into the kitchen and grabbed a carton of chocolate mint ice-cream and a bottle of white wine.  She brought one spoon and one glass.  We each had our go to anti-depressant.  Anna poured a glass of wine and sipped at it setting the ice-cream down on the couch.

Wyn smiled, "I should change."

Anna shook her head. "Just take off the pants you'll be fine."

Wyn laughed "Anna, Darling, there is nothing on underneath.  I need to go change into something more comfortable."

Anna turned red as a beat and nodded, "Sorry.  I didn't think."  She tossed Wyn the key to the side door.  "No point in closing you out tonight."

Wyn returned to his room quickly and pulled on a pair of boxers and a tank top.  If he fell asleep on Anna's couch he'd at least be comfortable.  

Anna smiled, "That's more what I was expecting."  She pushing in a DVD into the player.  "I figure we'll start out with sappy then dance and finish off with something hot for you to go to sleep too."

"Robert Downy Jr?  You really think that will work?"

"The man is rich and gorgeous and that suit could be fun."  Anna giggled.  "You know I wouldn't talk boys with you unless you were down Wyn."

He sighed.  "I know.  Let's watch."  Anna put one leg up on the couch and Wyn sat down and leaned against her and pulled the blanket up around them.  They'd watched a few movies like that in the past, but usually it was the other way around, Anna in his arms.  She wrapped her arm around his shoulders and sipped at her wine while the first movie started playing.

Anna drifted during the second movie and Wyn took it upon himself to push her to bed.  She refused but he picked her up and carried her to the bed.  She kissed him softly on the lips.  Ana tasted like wine but it wasn't meant to be filled with anything other than comfort.  She smiled at Wyn when he set her down, "It'll be alright.  Stay as long as you want, Wyn.  Finish the movies."  Anna curled up in her bed and Wyn covered her up and kissed the top of her head and left to do as she asked.  

The movies had been distracting and Iron Man left Wyn with an action flick to call his night an end.  He had put the ice cream away as soon as Anna had gone to bed.  He chocked down a glass of wine to finish the bottle so it wouldn't be wasted he couldn't find the cork anywhere.

Wyn closed up the door between his and Anna's apartment and went to sleep, but he still couldn't get Matt out of his head.  He could see him clearly when he closed his eyes, watching him move and sway with a girl, her boyfriend came up behind him and moved against him.  He never even flinched.  The song ended and he hugged them both before hitting the bar again.  Matt was probably puking his guts out by now.