# Drunken Lines

Matt looked everywhere for Wyn on the dance floor.  Every time he saw him, the man would slip away in the crowd.  But he hadn't caught sight of him in a while.  It was late when Jon found him and told him Wyn had left.  He'd seen him leave.  Matt nodded which hadn't been a good idea his head spun a little.

Matt raised his hand and hailed a taxi.  The yellow cab pulled up and Matt said, "Just drive."

Matt didn't see the cab driver's smile as he started off towards the far end of Manhattan.  They drove past so many building, Matt lost track of the time and where he was.  Matt stopped a liquor store and drank as he road around. 

Things started to look familiar when Matt saw the familiar front of Anna's bar, and Wyn's apartment.  "Stop.  I'm getting out."

The fair was horrendous when he got out but Matt had to pay it.  He'd done as he'd been told, the driver. 

Matt knocked on the darkened bar's door.  He hoped to get someone's attention.  But no one answered.  Matt thought about calling out Wyn's name, but he didn't think he could hear him anyway.  He went around the side to the apartment entrances and found the door unlocked.  "How fortunate."

Matt climbed the stairs to Wyn's apartment and started knocking.  Matt knocked louder until he heard shuffling on the other side.  The door opened and the beautiful man he'd been looking for stood in between the door and the frame, he looked sleep addled.  His voice was choppy with sleeping, "Matthew, what are you doing here?"

It was the moment when he was about to answer that his stomach felt horrible and he wretched.  Splattering Wyn in the process, which Matt was only half aware as he doubled over to empty his stomach.

Matt felt a cool hand on his neck and one under his arm as someone strong picked him up and lead him to a small bathroom and set him down on the cool tile with his head hanging over the bowl.  

Matt didn't notice Wyn cleaning up the mess without a word.  He could only feel the pounding in his skull and the liquor trying to make its way back up to see the light of day.  He wretched into the toilet again.  He didn't know how long he emptied his stomach into the bowl.  He felt hands on the back of his neck and a cold cloth wiping his face and neck.  His head pounded and spun whenever he tried to move.  

Matt heard Wyn like he was far away, "I think you've emptied everything.  Come on, you need to sleep."

Matt struggled to stand up but with Wyn's strong hands under his he made it to the bed.  Wyn tried to help him to the couch.  Matt felt his body go limp as Wyn tried to get him to move to the uncomfortable couch.  "No please.  It hurts."  Matt whined.  His voice sounded so distant, even he didn't recognize it.  "Let me sleep with you."

Wyn sighed and took Matt's shoes off and removed his filth covered clothes leaving him in only his boxers.  There was a slight chill of the air against his skin, but Matt felt hotter than he ever had before.  Wyn pushed him down into bed and covered him up.  Matt could smell the soft scent of laundry detergent and lavender as he laid against the silky pillow case.  The sheets covering his near naked body felt the same and Wyn slipped in next to him just as Matt closed his eyes and fell asleep.

There was a loud clattering noise and Matt started awake.  He sat bolt upright and regretted that the moment he did.  His head was pounding.  Matt didn't recognize his surroundings when he looked around slowly.  Not ten feet away a man in a pair of boxers and a tank top stood with his back towards him.  Wyn's hair was still tipped in silver and gold like the night before but he looked much more himself in near to nothing than he had the night before.  Not that Matt had minded how the man looked.  

Matt scrubbed his fingers through his hair and frowned.  He didn't remember getting there the night before.  He didn't even remember talking to Wyn at all after he slipped into Lavo without them.  Matt felt the sheets against his skin and lifted the blankets he was thankful that he still had his boxers on.  "What the fuck happened last night?"

Wyn turned around with no makeup on and frowned.  "I didn't mean to wake you up.  I'm sorry."  He smiled, "I could ask you the same thing.  I left early, watched three movies in Anna's apartment and then when I finally fell asleep you were pounding on my door.  You started puking on my doorstep and me.  So I let you in and took care of it.  You refused to sleep on the couch and I sure as hell ain't sleeping on it, so we shared."  Wyn turned around and finished what he was doing, "I behaved myself don't worry.  You passed out the moment you hit the sheets."

Matt flopped back in the bed.  "I'm so sorry."

Wyn didn't turn around.  "Don't worry about it, Matthew.  Your clothes have been washed and are in the bathroom.  Take a shower and I'll have breakfast ready when you are done."

"Are you calling me Matthew again?"  Matt asked as he got up from the bed and started towards the small bathroom.

Wyn turned and looked at him, "In the privacy of my home, yes.  Don't expect it anywhere else."

Matt nodded.  He deserved that, he knew it.  Matt knew he should tell Wyn what he'd done that night.  But he didn't.  He stepped into the bathroom and shut the door behind him.  The shower was small but the water ran hot and the pressure was almost perfect bordering on too hard.  There was no amount of soap that would make Matt feel clean, but the soft scent of lavender reminded him of the man outside in the next room.  He took a deep breath taking in his scent.  Matt wasn't sure how long he spent in the shower, but the water never ran cold.  For that he was grateful, but when Matt left the bathroom, there was only one plate on the small table and he couldn't find Wyn anywhere.

There was a soft knock on the side door leading ... when Matt looked over, he realized it lead into Anna's apartment.  She smiled.  "He said you were welcome to have breakfast.  Just lock up when you leave."

Matt sighed, "Did he say where he was going?"

Anna shook her head.  "No, but he has a standing appointment Saturday mornings, he had to leave or he'd be late waiting on you - his words."

Matt frowned, "Yeah.  I've been late to nearly every appointment with him."

Anna nodded, "I know.  You are killing him."  She took a few steps inside while Matt sat down to eat.  "Can I say something to you without you thinking I'm crazy."

"Who am I to judge?  I came knocking on a man's door while I was drunk.  The same man's door who I've been avoiding speaking to alone for three weeks."  Matt sighed, "And yet every time I forget who I am I find myself in his apartment."

Anna smiled.  "You either need to back off and let him go, Matt, or you need to man up.  He's crazy about you.  I've never seen him like this.  He's willing to let you come to him when you are ready.  But if you'll never be ready you need to let him know.  The longer you string him out the more damage you will do."

Matt finished the last bite on his plate, he had't realized how famished he was.  "He doesn't do relationship so why should I care?  I have a girlfriend anyway."

"So tell him that and stop talking to him about your character's situation.  Wyn has told you more than he's ever told me about himself under the guise of giving you insight into Tobias Vallan.  I've known him for 10 years and you know more about the boy next door than I do."  Anna frowned. 

Matt nodded and picked up his plate and put it in the sink noticing nothing else in there.  Matt carefully washed the plate and put it in the drying rack. Anna laughed.  "You are observant."

"He's a neat freak?"  Matt asked.

"No.  Yes in a way."  Anna smiled.  "But that's for him to tell you why.  It's the one secret he's not shared with you yet.  And I can't imagine that he'll ever let you know that side until you decide what you want from him."

Anna turned and shut the door behind her and locked it.  Matt heard two deadbolts turn.  There really was nothing more to do other than to go home.  

Matt called Tiffany once he got home.  She picked up lazily, "There you are. I have good news."

"Hmmmm?"

"I get two weeks off to come see you."  Tiffany said joyfully.

"When?"  Matt asked.

"It's still two months away, but I can't wait to see you again.  This phone thing sucks."

Matt laughed, "Yeah it does.  Can't wait."

Matt told Tiffany all about his night.  And when they were done he felt better about all his decisions including the one that had him avoiding Wyn.

For the next week and a half Matt continued to avoid Wyn to the best of his ability.  Everything Anna had said made him feel guilty but he couldn't bring himself to talk to the other man.  He only had to see Wyn on occasion when they had new fight scenes to go over.  But more often than not Wyn wasn't even there, giving Matt's sessions to one of his underlings while he opted to work on new scenes.  

Wyn had even stopped coming to lunch with them.  Jon barely noticed apparently he was still talking to Wyn regularly and knew Wyn had taken on another job in tandem with the one he was working on for them.  It was in the same studio so he could toss between the two based on his schedule.  Which explained why the underlings were working with them.  

He felt bad for not telling Wyn how he felt.  He couldn't get the man off his mind, but he knew he couldn't be the person Wyn needed him to be.  Anna had been right he needed to tell Wyn.

