# Friends with Benefits

The night after Lavo Nox had spent the night lying awake not getting any sleep while Matt lay next to him.  His hands wandered over Matt's stomach and he knew he had to get up.  He went down to the laundry room and washed and dried Matt's clothes.  He showered and made breakfast all before he dropped a hot pan on the ground when he picked it up from the sink without an oven mitt.  

Matt had woken up and their brief talk had left him wanting.  Nox left a message with Anna and knew it had been wrong to not say anything to Matt, but he couldn't face him again.  

That morning he taught a few kids dance at the ymca for free.  It was his community service project in college and he just continued doing it.  There were a few talented kids that Nox made sure to nurture.  And a few who needed a little more attention not because they were talented but because they needed someone to guide them, to be a friend where everyone else saw just another kid from the ghetto.  

He sat with one of those little boys for three hours that day while he cried because his father was dying of cancer and they couldn't afford to pay for any treatments.  So everyone was forced to watch the man deteriorate.  Nox bought him ice-cream and they talked about this that and everything.

Nox's phone rang.  It was the studio with an additional job.  A pilot they were working on.  They would double his pay for that one episode if he worked them both.  So that's what he did.  There were a lot of things to choreograph and very little time.

He had to schedule his team early in the day and show them the next few scenes and he could work on the new material.  Unfortunately that meant Dawn was close as she was working that other show with the director.  But she was a good distraction.

They'ed found themselves alone together in the small mirrored room on the pilot.  

"Nox."  Dawn panted.

Nox looked up from his desk and Dawn captured his lips in hers and sat down in his lap.  "Why can't we do this in a real bed?"

He pushed her away, "Because there are no beds here.  You aren't coming over to my place."

She kissed him passionately, her tongue diving in to his mouth forcing his mouth open wide letting a small moan escape.  Her fingers entwined in his hair.  "But we could have fun in a bed."

Nox laughed, "We can have fun on the desk."  He lifted her skirt and found nothing underneath and let out a small groan.  "Or in this chair."  Nox unbuttoned his pants and Dawn reached inside and pulled out his cock.  They fumbled for the desk drawer they knew a condom was before they eventually got one on and Dawn was rocking back and forth on him, her head hung back as she finished.

She was breathless and crawled down out of his lap on to the floor to finish him off, he pulled her up by her chin, "I'm alright."

Dawn looked concerned, "You've not been into this for a while.  What's wrong?"

Nox shook his head.  "Nothing for you to worry about."

Dawn dropped it.  But it became a regular thing, the desk, the chair, the floor, up against the mirror.  And each time Nox never finished.  He wasn't frustrated.  He was finding plenty of opportunity at home to do what he needed to do.  What he wanted to fantasize about, he never fantasized until recently.  Matt was so far ingrained in his sexual needs at the moment that he hadn't even realized the transition.

One afternoon Dawn and he were alone.  She wrapped her arms around his shoulders and bit his ear lobe.  "What aren't you getting Nox?  What do you want?"  It made Nox shiver, it was so close to his line.

"Honestly?"

Nox pulled her around and sat her in his lap and whispered in her ear.  "Fuck me in the ass."

Her eyes went wide, "With what?"

Nox smiled and pulled his gym bag out. Inside he had a smaller bag with the perfect implement to do what he wanted.  Dawn's eyes grew even wider, "You carry that?"

"Not usually.  I put it in the wrong bag the last time I used it and I keep forgetting to take it out."

Her eyes were still wide as she stood up and tried it on.  She spun her finger around in a circle and Nox obliged her.  He wrapped her hands around his waist and undid his jeans and yanked them down his thighs.  With a little lube on the dildo she eased it inside of Nox as he bent over the desk.  He moaned in pleasure as she moved inside of him.  He closed his eyes and Dawn rammed into him.  Electricity ran through his body as she found the rhythm against his prostate .  He felt himself building and tried to push it down to make it last longer, but his mind wandered the wrong way.  He remembered the feel of Matt's skin against his fingers and he came against the desk just as the door opened. 

Dawn yelped at the intrusion, covered up her body and  removed the toy she was ramming inside of Nox.  Nox stood there with his pants around his ankles while Dawn darted past Matt who was standing staring in the door.

Nox closed his eyes and pulled his pants back up.  Matt just stood there as Nox sat back down and banged his head against the desk.   Seconds flew by.  They turned into minutes before either one of them said anything, and Nox was surprised it was Matt first.  "I wanted to tell you something."

Nox looked up, "And now?"

"I still want to tell you something, but I have a question."

"Shoot, can't be more embarrassing than that."

Matt chuckled softly as he stepped closer and sat on the edge of the desk.  "Why was she doing that?  Honestly."

Nox sighed.  "Honestly, be cause I asked her too.  The complete truth, because I can't get you out of my head."

"You want me to do that to you?"  Matt asked quietly.

"Among other things.  But I get it, you aren't interested.  I've backed off, so don't worry about it."  Nox got up from the chair and started for the door.  He turned around remembered Matt had something to say.  "You wanted to tell me something."

Matt nodded and closed the small distance between them.  "Do you remember what you asked me to do that night?"  His voice was a quiet whisper. Nox nodded.  "That night I went home and got off just like you wanted me to.  I felt guilty the next morning when Tiffany called.  So I decided that I didn't want that.  Didn't want you."

Nox nodded and turned to walk away but Matt grabbed his arm.  "But if my drunken state is anything to go by, I'm lying to myself.  I can't get you out of my mind.  I know I have a girlfriend.  I know I'm not what you want in the bedroom.  But, I can't stop thinking about you."

Nox turned around slowly and looked at Matt.  The other man continued, "I can't say I'm ready for what you need, but we can work our way there."
 
"You aren't playing me?"  Nox's voice held so much pain in it Matt felt bad that Nox could feel that way.

He shook his head, "No, Nox.  I am not."  He pulled Nox close and kissed him.  The kiss was slow and passionate, lips wandering and fingers pulling at clothes and hair without really making a dent in either.

Nox pulled away breathless and put his forehead against Matt's, "We don't do this in public, for now.  You have a girlfriend.  You only play gay men or so the rumor says.  Though I've heard others lately."

Matt chuckled.  "Yeah, that's Jon. I'm sure. I think I can handle that.  And I promise I'll try not to be late to any more dates."

Nox smiled against Matt's lips.  "Do you want to come over tonight and we can talk?"

Matt nodded his head and kissed Nox again.  With a breathless whisper through the kiss Mat said, "Yes."