# Whirlwind

Walking in on Wyn had probably been the best and worst thing that could have happened to Matt at that time.  It made Matt realize that he was indeed lusting after the man.  He liked what he'd seen of the other man on more than one occasion, that had not been the only time.  But it was the vulnerability that he showed when he thought Matt was playing a game with him.  

Matt's confession made Wyn leave at first until Matt told him the complete truth.  Wyn had given him that and he knew that he had to tell Wyn how he felt even if it broke him to do so.  But Wyn was far more understanding and the tender moment they shared with their lips pressed against each other in acceptance was intoxicating.  Matt looked forward to talking things over with Wyn.  Whatever that meant.

That night, Wyn had a bottle of wine in his studio apartment which he poured for Matt.  It went well with the chicken and pasta in garlic white wine sauce he'd made for them with a side salad with the same sauce. It was heavenly.  Dinner had consisted of get to know you chat.  Things everyone talked about on first dates.  Not that they hadn't had a first date before with each other, but this one was a bit more personal.

They wound up lying together on Wyn's bed.  Matt staring down at the other man lying on his back stealing kisses while Wyn played with the cloth at Matt's back.  It was a tender moment but was quickly turned into something far more exciting and embarrassing when Wyn looked up through his long eye lashes and smiled.  "What do you want from this, Matthew?"

Matt leaned down to kiss Wyn to stay the question, he didn't really have an answer for him.  Wyn chuckled against the Matt's lips and pushed slightly on Matt's chest to give him room to look up at him.  "We need to talk about this."

Matt whispered, "Why?"

Wyn leaned up and placed a soft kiss on Matt's lips, "Because if we don't things will get messy.  I will hurt you.  You will hurt me and then it's a mess and you nor I need a mess."

Matt sat up and sighed, "What do you want from this?"  He asked instead of answering.

Wyn nodded.  "Fair enough.  I would like you in my bed in the ways that satisfy myself and you hopefully.  But it's not just sex I'm after.  I like this.  I want more of this - a relationship.  Something I don't normally even try for.  Now what do you want Matthew?"

Matt looked away from the bed and stared at the far wall. He shook his head, "I don't know."

"So let me ask you then.  Do you want to keep seeing your girlfriend?"

Matt's eyes went wide in fear.  "You want me to break up with her?"

"No.  I want to know if you want to keep seeing her.  I want to know where I stand.  I already told you I'm okay being the guy on the side."

Matt didn't relax.  "Is that even fair?"

Wyn smiled.  "There is no fair in this.  You are essentially cheating on her.  You have to deal with that emotional baggage while you are with me, and then again heavier when you are with her."

Matt fell back against the bed and stared up at the ceiling.  "I can't break up with her."

Wyn sat up leaning on his elbow looking down on Matt.  "That's fine.  Do you have specific days that you guys talk?  Have phone sex?  Enjoy each other's company?"

Matt could feel the blood rushing to his ears and burning underneath his collar.  "I... I don't know."

Wyn kissed his lips softly. "You need to talk to me.  Sex seems to be a topic you don't like to discuss."

Matt knew he was growing redder by the minute and shook his head.

Wyn chuckled. "If you want this to work you have to talk to me.  Days you and Tiffany talk are the scheduled?"

Matt shook his head.  "We talk Saturday nights.  Usually end up..."

Wyn smiled, "Okay.  Saturday nights you reserve for her."

"I could call her from here whenever.  It's not a big deal."  Matt said eagerly.

"You need alone time with your girlfriend, Matthew."

"I..."  Wyn stopped his train of thought with a brush of his lips.

"I insist, Matthew."

"What about you and your ... um... friend?"  Matt asked.

Wyn laughed.  "It'll be off again,  until further notice.  Besides you walking in on us while she was trying something new is probably a bit much.  I'll be fine."

Matt blushed.  Their conversation wound around then for hours talking about large details like places they could go on their dates where no one would recognize Matt, which pretty much amounted to only Wyn's place.  To little things that embarrassed Matt.  Wyn never pushed him past his comfort level except the talking part he made him say things he would never have said to any girl - positions he liked without actually just trying them out.  

But Matt watched Wyn, talking about sex was his element.  He made it sound like it was no big deal, and to him it wasn't.  Matt was beginning to realized that Wyn was well and truly gay, the women he used for sex and only sex.    When he mentioned it he smiled and said, "I use sex like you drink.  It covers my nerves, put me at ease.  and just as dangerous as the drink or drugs."

Matt asked, "So does that mean I make you nervous?"

Wyn blushed, the color rising to his ears and over his neck.  Matt couldn't help but lean down and kiss the rising color which made a small gasp escape Wyn's throat.  The vibration against Matt's lips made his body tighten.  Wyn nodded his head, "Yes, Matthew."  He voice was heavy with desire and Matt's body tightened further.

"Why are you nervous?"  Matt blurted out.

Wyn sat up and pushed Matt to his back.  "I don't do relationships.  But here I am discussing that very thing with you.

"We don't have to discuss it."  Matt smiled.  Hoping that the topic could end and they could move into more making out.  He liked that part.

Wyn grinned down at him.  "We do need to discuss it.  Would you like me to kiss you in front of the cameras?  Or the set crew?  On the side of a busy street?"

Matt sighed, "I guess you are right.  It's not a normal relationship."

Wyn smiled.  "But we can stop for now.  Matthew.  You should go home now."

Matt whined, "I was hoping for more kissing."

Wyn kissed Matt hard and heavy.  His lips trailing along his chin down the jaw line to his ear and whispered, "There is plenty of time for that.  You've an early morning.  Besides it's Saturday night and you need to call Tiffany.  Make her happy tonight Matthew."

Matt pulled away from Wyn to see the seriousness in his voice.  Matt sighed in resignation and left Wyn's studio apartment with the express intent of calling his girlfriend because his boyfriend asked him too.  That just didn't make any sense.  But as the days turned into a week, Matt was enjoying the few hours a night he'd spend with Wyn.

They would kiss and Wyn would give him some little task to do when he got home.  Wyn never let him spend the night.  The tasks were all sex related.  When Matt had asked the first night after they'd started seeing each other he said, "What no homework?"

Wyn grinned and told him how he wanted Matt to touch himself. It wasn't new, at least it wasn't always new.  Sometimes it wasn't even about getting himself off, it was always about sex though - want he wanted to do, learn, things that made Matt squirm.

Saturday night rolled around and Wyn sent him home to call Tiffany.  He'd not spoken to her all week and they had very little to catch up on.  Matt even started their conversation asking Tiffany what she was wearing.  It lead to a very vigorous session.  One he had whispered in Wyn's ear the next morning when they had breakfast.  Breakfast had gone cold by the time Matt had finished the tale and Wyn had enjoyed the tale.  

The next week proceeded much like the first.  Matt liked the moments they would spend in Wyn's bed.  Matt's fingers wandered lower each time without Wyn's instruction.  Wyn never instructed him when they were lying in bed.  He would move out of reach when Matt tried to touch his back or caressed the scars he felt on Wyn's body.  But Matt never found the courage to ask him what they were from.  Or why he couldn't touch his back, Wyn always changed the subject as soon as it came up with a kiss or a gentle touch that brought Matt back to their foreplay.

Every night Matt thought about Wyn in the comfort of his own bed.  His fingers exploring new things and returning to the old stand-bys.  Except Saturday, it was about Tiffany.  The third time Matt told Wyn about his night he admitted to Wyn he'd been thinking about him, which brought the story to an abrupt end with Wyn removing himself from under Matt.  He didn't push Matt off just pulled away from him, far enough until he could stand up with Matt and stepped away.  He was angry.  Matt hadn't heard him like that before, he was always so carefree.  He warned. "Don't think about me with her, Matthew.  That's not fair to her.  Don't think of her when you are with me.  You will fuck everything up if you make a mistake.  Just don't."

Wyn had gone into the bathroom to cool down.  He came out ready for bed, just boxers and a white tank top.  Every muscle in his body was tight with the strain of his anger.  He laid down and Matt stood staring at him.  There was an awkward silence as Matt watched Wyn curl under the blankets.  He turned to leave without a good-bye when Wyn took a deep breath, "Stay?"  There was pain in his voice.

Matt took off his clothes and shoes and climbed into Wyn's bed under the microfiber sheets in orange and curled around Wyn's back.  His chest pressed against the scars underneath the shirt.  Wyn whispered, "I'm sorry."

"There is nothing to apologize for, Wyn."  Matt reassured him.

"Yes there is.  You just don't know it."  

Matt kissed the back of his neck, "It's okay.  I forgive you."  Matt felt a tear fall on to his arm underneath Wyn's neck.  He pulled the other man closer and didn't say anything again just held him and let him feel whatever he needed to.

Wyn broke the silence.  "Tomorrow I need to go see my birth mother.  Do you want to come with me?"

"Is this you bringing me home to meet your parents?"  Matt teased.

Wyn shook his head, "I don't want to go alone, you'd be my friend - nothing more."

Matt smiled against Wyn's neck, "I'd love to."