# Too Great A Price

It was the first time Wyn had asked Matt to stay.  He'd wanted to many times before, but tonight he needed the comfort.  Matt's mistake brought up more issues than it should have for a normal person.  Seeing his mother to give her money meant seeing G and he never looked forward to that.  Knowing G would ask about his lovers and his thoughts he didn't want Matt to fall prey to his mistakes.  G had hurt him once for the same thing - thinking about someone else while in G's bed.  

Matt had agreed to go with him, as a friend.  Which wouldn't be easy for either of them to do, but Wyn really didn't want to go into Hell's Kitchen alone.

He had fallen asleep in Matt's arms, and he woke the same way at 4am.  He hadn't started awake, but he knew his dream had woken him.  He never remembered them, only the beating of his heart remained.  Wyn pulled Matt's sleeping form against him tighter and tried to fall asleep again, but he couldn't.  Matt's presence was comforting and that sent new worries through Wyn.  He knew this was all going to end with his heart getting ripped out.  Anna encouraged him to let it happen.  She said she'd be there to help pick up the pieces.  Loving had never come easy for Wyn - not even with his foster parents and siblings.  He never told them how he felt.  They knew, but he'd never said it.

The sun started peaking up over the horizon and Wyn pulled out of Matt's arms and grabbed a shower before he started breakfast.  It was a simple breakfast, a left over scramble.  Matt didn't seem to mind the simple means.  He claimed he liked the home cooked meal no matter what it was.  So far Wyn hadn't found anything the other man didn't eat.

Wyn heard the sheets move behind him.  When he turned around he saw Matt lying awake watching him.  Wyn smiled at him.  "You should take a shower, Matthew."

He grinned.  "I have nothing to wear except what I brought with me."

"Your jeans will have to work for the day.  I'm sure you can find a shirt that fits in the drawer or closet."

Matt climbed out of bed and Wyn turned to finish breakfast.  The other man wrapped his arms around Wyn's waist and kissed the back of Wyn's neck.  "I could go like this."

Wyn laughed softly.  "Yeah I'm sure my mother would like to see my boyfriend half naked."

"I won't be your boyfriend."  Matt teased.

"She won't know that but I will.  And G doesn't need any excuses."  Wyn added sadly.  "Go take a shower, Matthew."

Matt kissed Wyn's neck again and obliged him.  Matt was rumpling the shirts in Wyn's drawer looking for something, or nothing, just looking.  Wyn watched as he settled on a white t-shirt and went into the closet where Wyn could no longer see him.  "Who's G?"

"It's a long story. He was my first of many things.  But I can't pass through Hell's Kitchen safely without seeing G first."

Matt stepped out of the closet with one of Wyn's black button ups over his arms and was testing the fit.  "Will you tell me the story over breakfast?"

Wyn nodded, "If you take a shower now."

Matt smiled and nodded. "Deal."  Matt started to shut the bathroom door behind him but turned and teased, "You could have gotten more out of that deal if you wanted to."  Wyn could only smile as Matt closed the door.  The water started running and Wyn finished up breakfast.

The food had only been plated for about a minute before Matt came out dress and running the towel over his head to get the water from his head.  Wyn watched his boyfriend - yes boyfriend, he felt it in his heart sit down across from him still tapping his head to the side removing water from his ears with a cute smile plastered on his face.

Wyn took a bit and chewed slowly then started his story without being prompted; Matt had done as he was asked, Wyn didn't need the instructions that it was his turn.  "G was my first sexual experience, but before that he protected the gay little boy that got beat up pretty much everyday.  The only person G couldn't protect me from was my step-father.  I was 8 when I knew I liked boys.  G did too, but he stood up for himself and it helped that his brother was high ranking in the gang that called Hell's Kitchen their territory.  That same gang is very homophobic and beats down any one gay in the neighborhood - except G who now years later runs it.  He's feared.  Even though I have G's sanction to be me."  Wyn pointed at the tattoo of the G under his chin.  "It says I'm G's property.  Messing with me could be fatal.  Dating me even worse.  But G can only enforce it in Hell's Kitchen so when I left when I was 11 he had no claim on me - except for when I return."

"I found out the hard way, that if I didn't see G before seeing my mother then I could end up with more than a few broken ribs from others inside the gang, and worse treatment from G for not coming to him and stopping myself from getting hurt.  I'm one of his favorites.  So I have to see G before I can see my mother and pay the price for entering Hell's Kitchen."  Wyn looked down at his near empty plate, he hadn't realized he'd eaten so much in the telling of his life.  "Usually it's sex.  But I'm not sure I can pay that price.  It might be a trip not worth taking, but I have to try."

"You do what you have to do Wyn.  I'm not going to hold it against you."  Matt reassured him.  "I mean I've a regular Saturday night date with my girlfriend."

"That's different Matthew.  You actually like her.  G is just sex.  He's nothing more than a guy with whom I've shared gratification with, more so providing his than receiving my own but not really the point.  I don't want to have sex with G."

Matt smiled, "As long as I'm not the price I'm okay. I promise. I'm ready when you are."

Wyn smiled his gratitude.  He offered Matt his hand and the other man took it with ease and they were out the door.  The moment they stepped into the alleyway that lead out of the apartment Matt pulled his hand away and stuck it in his pocket with a grin, "Probably better this way."

Wyn laughed softly and started walking towards the subway station.  They sat down in a singular aisle and Wyn leaned forward and whispered.  "Don't act like me when you get there.  If you can manage it keep your eyes averted particularly when looking at me, G won't like you checking me out.  Even if he suspects it could go down nasty.  Until he gifts me to someone else I'm his.  He sees me as property.  You need to treat me as such."

Matt nodded. "Fine, but you aren't his property Wyn.  You never were."

"I know, Matt.  I know."

Matt frowned, "Well now I know this is serious."

Wyn looked up confused.  Matt smiled, "You called me Matt.  There was not even a hint that you were holding back like usual."

Wyn averted his gaze and could feel the blood rushing to his ears.  "Matthew..."

Matt leaned back in his chair with a smug smile on his face.  

The rest of the trip to Hell' Kitchen was quiet.  Even they didn't speak.  Wyn took of his hoodie and offered it to Matt, "Put the hood up, we don't need Matthew Lucas seen in the hood."

Matt obliged him without a word of distrust.  It was like an invisible line when Wyn crossed the street.  He stood up straighter, he had been slouching, it was his nerves.  He was more afraid for Matt than he was himself, Wyn was starting to doubt inviting Matt along now.  He had to worry about him now too.

Wyn saw the first body appear from a brown three story building in a hoodie.  Wyn saw the color on the cuff of his sleeve and stopped where he was.  One of G's enforcers.  Matt stopped a few feet away and walked back to stand with Wyn.  The man walking towards them light up in a smile and when he reached Wyn he offered him a man.  "Wyn.  It's been a few months."

"Pete, Not since you got shot a while back.  Good to see you out again."  Wyn took his hand.  "I need to see G."

Pete started walking towards G's guarding Wyn against any other gang members who might be on look out.  "Who's your friend?"

"I didn't want to come alone.  My mother was a royal bitch the last time.  Saying it wasn't enough, she had more mouths to feed.  Like it's my fault she's fucking every dick that walks through the door."

Pete laughed.  "Don't say that around G."

Wyn nodded.  "I know man."

"Fair warning, he's a new strumpet and the boy's finer than you."

"Good maybe, he'll cut me lose."  Wyn said flatly.

"You know he won't. He swore he'd never gift you again."

"One can hope."

Wyn stole a glance at Matt behind him, he was following his head down.  "Pete this is Matthew."

Pete stopped and turned around with a proffered hand.  "A friend of Wyn's is a friend of mine, Matt."

Matt smiled, "You don't share Wyn's precocity to call me by my full name?"

Pete laughed, "No, The fact that he did is telling."

Matt's mouth dropped and his eyes went wide in fear.  Pete smiled, "Don't worry. Wyn is my friend, I won't give him a beat down for liking men.  As long as that man is not me.  I got your back while he's with G."

Wyn relaxed a little but it didn't last long as they stopped outside a front porch with three big men standing in front.  Pete stopped and held out his hand to keep Matt from following Wyn up the stairs.  Wyn walked slowly up the stairs with his hands at his side.  "I need to see G."

A big black man stepped in front of Wyn and pressed his body against his with the hopes to intimidate the fairy boy.  Wyn saw the insult in his eyes.  "Tiny, I need to see G."

"He's busy."  The man said in a small chipmunk like voice, which is why they called him Tiny.  Other than the fact that it was ironic because his forearm was thicker than Wyn's thigh.  

Wyn sighed.  "I don't want to wait around all day, interrupt him."

Everyone on the porch scattered.  Tiny didn't but he took a step back and blocked the door.  "You do that fairy boy and you are in for trouble.  G's breaking in a new boy."

"I'm not going to wait.  Let me by."  Wyn pushed past Tiny who didn't moved.  Wyn looked back as Pete was whispering to Matt.  He couldn't worry about it right now.  He opened the front door and there were fingers from the living room pointing to where G was as they were exiting the room.  No one wanted to be around when G was interrupted.  They feared G and for good reason.  But none of them knew G like Wyn did.  He didn't frighten him.  The worse he could do was shoot him, and he wasn't likely to do that for an infraction of this nature.  Not when Wyn sent the man who plagued all his boys to jail.

Wyn didn't knock on the door G was behind.  He could hear the tell-tale signs of G's attentions on the other side.  When the door opened it revealed G's Hispanic ass bared with two little black legs between his.  "G.  I need to see my mother."

He continued what he was doing.  "What the fuck Wyn!  Shut the door."

Wyn obliged him.  "I need to see my mother, I'm not going to wait till you finish."

G was a short man, but he was built like a truck.  He pulled out of the boy beneath him his cock hard as a rock and swaying before him.  "You can't fucking wait."  He slapped Wyn against the side of his head and pushed him into the door.  "I should take this out of your skin."  He pushed Wyn down to his knees.  "What are you willing to pay?"

"Not the usual."  Wyn kept his eyes on the ground.  He wasn't afraid of G, but he respected the man.

Wyn's comment caught G off guard and he let go of him and smacked the ass of the boy who he'd been riding.  "Go to the bathroom.  Don't finish without me.  This won't take long."

G walked around his room butt naked without a care in the world.  "What do you offer me instead boy?"

"I'll give you what I have on me.  But it's all I can offer you."  Wyn pulled out a roll of money he'd been saving for his mother.  She'd have to live without it this time.

"Then what's the point of you going if you give that to me?"  G asked.

"I'll make up an excuse, say I got robbed or something."

G was looking out the window.  "The boy with you the reason you won't pay?"

Wyn nodded.  "Yes, sir.  He won't be any trouble I promise."

G took the roll of money from Wyn's offered hand and took three of the top bills from it.  "I've never known you to deny me for your flings."

"He's not a fling."

"He looks familiar."

Wyn nodded. "Matthew Lucas."

"The pretty boy playing a gay boy. How very... He has a girlfriend."  G observed.

"I know."

G handed the roll back to Wyn.  "This will do.  Arrangement in the future with Pete, 1/10 is mine."  He pulled Wyn up by the scruff of his neck and brought Wyn's neck to his mouth and sucked hard and fast on the tattoo leaving a very large and messy hicky on his neck.  "Go see your mother Wyn.  The boys will be told about your future visits.  Do not interrupt me again boy."

"As you wish G."  

G slapped Wyn on the ass clearly dismissing him as he went off in search of his new boy toy.  Wyn took a deep breath in relief and headed for the exit.

As Wyn was leaving G yelled.  "Wyn!"  Wyn walked back into the room finding G holding his new friend by the scruff of his neck, "Your step-father is out.  Be careful, I heard he was at the bar earlier.  He's not been home yet."

Fuck!  "Thanks G."

