# Ghetto Up and Go

Matt was anxious.  Not about the trip itself but how Wyn was handling things.  It was hard looking at the man who thought everything was a joke or his happy go lucky nature be so serious and hidden.  

Outside while Wyn went inside Pete pulled Matt aside.  "Don't worry.  G won't hurt Wyn.  Wyn is his golden boy."

Matt paced nervously outside until he saw Wyn walking out the front door.  His shoulders were up around his neck and he was looking down.  Tiny just glared at him.  Pete smiled. "Dude.  You got out quickly."  Pete grabbed Wyn's chin and turned his head and showed the other's looking.  Matt tried not to gasp but he failed.  Wyn only gave him a half smile.

"Shall we?"  Wyn asked.

Matt nodded.  Wyn shook Pete's hand.  "Thanks man."  Pete returned both with a smile and they were on their way down the street.

They walked for two blocks in silence.  "That looks like it hurts."

Wyn looked over at him.  "Only a little.  A small price to pay for not having sex with him."

"What did you offer him?"  Matt asked curiously.

"Money.  He took the top of the roll I have for my mother.  He wants a tenth next time and I don't need permission.  I can probably just pay Pete and be good."

"Is that good?"

Wyn shrugged.  "Yes and no.  It can mean he trusts me, or that he's getting tired of me and wants to get rid of me.  Either way for now is fine."

Matt sighed, "I can't imagine living like that."

"You do what you have to to survive."  Wyn smiled at Matt.  "He told me something that isn't good though."

"What's that?"

"My step-father is out of jail."

"Why is that not good?  You mom is probably happy."

Wyn frowned and whispered, "He's the reason you can't touch my back, Matthew.  You must have noticed that by now."

Matt nodded.  "Oh.  He abused you?"

Wyn only nodded and opened up a gate in front of one of the houses.  "Just be watchful, he could return anytime.  Do not engage him if he does, Matthew please don't protect me."

Matt nodded but Wyn knew from the look on his face he wouldn't necessarily listen.

Wyn knocked on the door and a small black girl opened the door yelling back, "Mama, some white dudes are here."

Wyn smiled, "Tala, stop."

"What it's the truth.  Mama, Wyn is here.  Can I let him in?  Andre's not here, I'm not supposed to open the door."

I nodded.  "I know baby.""  Wyn knelt down and pulled the screen out and handed Tala the money.  "Give this to Mama."

Tala scurried away from the screen door and an older boy with a black eye stood in front of the door.  "Wyn you should go before our Father comes back."

"Has he hurt anyone other than you?"  Wyn asked.

The boy shook his head.  "No.  I've kept him occupied till he passes out.  He's not hit our mother yet either.  Go before he comes back.  He'll be drunk."

"Andrew, be careful."  Wyn stood up and put his hand against the screen right before the boy on the other side paled.  "Fuck!"

Matt watched as the man swung his fist into Wyn's head yelling,  "Your gay fucker won't save you this time boy!"

Andrew rushed out the door and stood in front of Matt. The boy shouted at him, "Stay here behind me."

"G never saved me from you."  Wyn quipped.  "You did that all by your lonesome.  Beat me until I nearly died.  You fucked up.  Got caught when Mama had to rush me to the hospital or lose her only living baby.  You fucked it up."  That earned Wyn another punch to the face which Wyn took.  He could have moved, but it was better than letting Andrew take him on, Wyn wished his little brother didn't stand up to him.

There was a deafening silence right after the hammer clicked and the shot rang out. Matt watched the blowback splatter all over Wyn and Andrew in front of him.  The boy was screaming.  A woman, Matt could only assume was Wyn's mother rushed from the screen door and collapsing next to her husband and cried.  "No, no, no."  She looked up at Wyn and spat, "Your fucking friends are responsible."  She stood up and started hitting Wyn across the chest.  "You killed him.  You're a murderer.  Fucking fairy.  Get out."

Matt watched Wyn collapse into himself as the words hit him harder than the fists of his step-father.  Andrew pulled their mother way.  "Wyn, go.  Before the cops come. Go!  You know they'll take a while.  Just go.  Please."

Wyn nodded and headed down the steps careful of the blood spatter.  Matt followed him in stunned silence.  They were two blocks away before they heard the sirens.  Matt pulled off the hoodie and offered it to Wyn.  "Dude, blood everywhere."

Wyn pulled it on over the blood and zipped it.  They both kept their heads down and their voices low.  "You didn't kill him, Wyn."

"I know.  G did.  Or G's men did.  He had me followed, like he always does.  So no one messes with his property.  He can't protect me from Andre without causing waves.  But if he hits me and his guys see, he can shoot him.  It's fair play in the street.  I belong to G."

Matt nodded.  "I'm sorry Wyn."

They walked in silence past G's place, but Matt stopped and stood in front of the four men who were taking up residence on G's porch.  Matt wasn't afraid.  This was the right thing to do, even if it was still illegal.  "I'd like to speak with Mr. G.  I can wait if he's busy."  He was polite, his hands weren't in his pockets presenting no weapons, he wasn't a threat.  Just unarmed.

One of the men slipped inside and Matt glanced back to see Wyn standing just outside the gated yard.  No one approached them, no one hurt Matt.  Wyn was pretty much frozen in place watching things unfold.

G came out with a lazy grin.  "Mr. G?"

"Inappropriate?  I didn't think I could call you just G, I don't know you.  You don't know me.  But we have a common acquaintance."

G laughed, "If that's what you are calling it these days.  Your boy looks scared."  G nodded towards Wyn and Matt turned to look with a smile on his face.  "Yeah he just watched his step-farther's brain get blown out while they were having a sort of discussion with their firsts."

G laughed at that.  "So I've heard."

Matt smiled.  "I'd like to thank you for ending that piece of shit."  Matt took out cash and laid it on the ground.  "It's all I have on me and it's not even enough to show the appreciation, but no one should hurt him."

G took the stairs down and picked up the money and pocketed it.  He didn't even count it.  "Appreciation?"

"It's all I can offer you.  Thank you."  Matt smiled.  "I'm going to take him home, he looks like death warmed over."

G smiled and nodded.  Matt turned on his heel bravely and joined Wyn and put his arm around him to get him started again.  "Come on let's go."

Wyn whispered, "You turned your back on a gun toting gangster.  You thanked him."  Wyn didn't sound like himself at all.

G yelled.  "Wyn."

Wyn turned around, "His name should be present next time.  I like him."

Wyn nodded then quickly took Matt's hand in his and pulled him along.

They stood waiting for the next train, "What was that all about?"

Wyn kissed Matt and whispered, "He gifted me to you.  Until he takes me back I'm yours.  Which is G's blessing.  He won't ask for me back unless you do something horrible or don't want me anymore.  It changes nothing between us except G won't kill you for being with me in Hell's Kitchen."

Matt smiled, "My name though?  I think I understood that part."

"I'll show you when we get back to my place."  Wyn smiled.
