# Relief

The train arrived and they got on, Wyn could barely breathe.  His step-father was dead.  He was free of G and Matt was sitting next to him holding his hand despite the fact that they should not be doing so in public.  They did nothing but sit in silence as the train rattled on.  

Wyn's place was still a few stops away when Matt got up, "Come with me."

They made their way off the train and Matt lead the way up the stairs and on to the streets.  It was still early afternoon when Matt stopped in front of a diner and pulled up the door.  "We can eat lunch here."

Wyn nodded and opened the door for Matt and he walked through and waited to be seated.  It wasn't what Wyn thought on entering.  It was casual but it was upscale.  Not something he expected in the East Village.  Matt sat down and the hostess  set down their menus.  "I'm Leslie, can I take your drink orders."  

"Water with lemon please."  

Matt nodded, "Same."  

Wyn smiled with pleasure at Matt's choice.  "I'm going to wash up. Order for me?"

Matt nodded and Wyn left to go to the bathroom to clean his face off, he could feel the dry blood stuck to his cheeks.  The paper towels sucked for cleaning up blood, but they worked well enough.  Wyn splashed water in his face as he stood staring in the mirror thinking about everything.  The weight on his shoulders felt lighter.  There as a sudden relief in his soul.  His step-father couldn't hurt him anymore.

G couldn't demand anything from him.  He was free to be with the man he was quickly falling in love with.  But he wasn't sure Matt felt the same way.  He was intrigued with him, tempted to his bed by liquor'd feelings.  Wyn hoped it was of his own free will that he stayed.

Wyn took a deep breathe and went back to join Matt.  He was on the phone when Matt sat down.  "Yeah, alright, Tiffany.  I'll pick you up at 10 in two days.  I'm glad you got time off early.  You staying for two weeks?"

Wyn sighed.  Tiffany was coming to town which meant he'd back off.  Matt was still slightly in love with her.  Wyn couldn't hear her answer but from the look on Matt's face he wasn't happy with it.  "Alright.  Wyn just got back.  We were in the middle of a big topic when he got pulled away."  Matt was lying to his girlfriend - that was good and bad.

Matt hung up the phone and Wyn frowned, "You are lying to her?"

Matt nodded.  "Only about you."  Matt sighed, "She'll be in town for three weeks.  Wyn I don't want..."

Wyn smiled, "Shhh. I know.  Let's just eat and we'll deal with things as they come."

Matt laughed, "So unlike you."

"I've had a few changes of heart in the past hour or so."

"Do you want to talk about it?"  Matt asked.

"I don't know.  I have so many things running through my head.  And the one thing I wan to talk about I can't talk about here."  Matt blushed.  Wyn smiled.  "Thank you for being you.  You thanked G.  Freeing me."

Matt smiled.  "So does this mean you owe me?"  Matt was flirting.

Wyn grinned, "Maybe.  Did you have something in mind?"

Matt chuckled softly, "Maybe."

Matt didn't get to elaborate as the waiter brought out their plates.  It smelled good.  Matt ordered surf and turf for both of them and with Wyn's he ordered a very large side of vegetables.  Matt had french fries.  Wyn reached across the table and took one of his fries.  "I'm not opposed to fried food you know."

Matt laughed.  "No but in the time I've known you, not including the time we were pretending to ignore each other, have you ever eaten fast food."

Wyn stole another fry off Matt's plate.  "I will have to rectify that.  Not that I've seen you eat more than a few french fries."

They ate in companionable silence for a little while.  Wyn smiled.  "My step-father is dead.  He can't hurt Andrew again.  Or Tala, Nick, Mia or anyone else."

Matt added, "He can't hurt you."

"I know.  But I can handle it."

Matt nodded. "But you should not have to, Wyn.  No one should hurt you, not then, not now, not ever."

Wyn smiled.  "Are you going to protect me, Matthew?"

"If I have to."

The rest of their dinner they ate in silence sharing looks and smiles but not any words.  It was a good dinner.  Wyn enjoyed the steak it was perfectly cooked.  The vegetables were seasoned well.  Wyn couldn't have done better himself.  Though if he'd done so at his house they could have touched and kissed making Wyn's mind wandered as desert arrived.

Wyn looked up at Matt. "Desert?"

Matt smiled, "I figured you could use something sweet."  The waiter poured two cups of espresso into small cups with a hint of mint added.  "And something to pick you up."

Wyn waited until the waiter left.  "Do you have plans, Matthew?"  Wyn took a bite of the berry tart Matt had ordered him and it melted in his mouth.  "Oh. my. god."  Matt smiled and Wyn sipped at the espresso in front of him.  It didn't quite go with the tart but it was good too, a decent  brew.

Matt watched Wyn eat the tart and nibbled on his own.  "I take it you don't want that."  Matt just smiled.  Wyn raised his hand for the waiter with the look from Matt he hoped no one else noticed.  "Check."  The waiter brought it to them and Wyn paid for it.  Matt started to object but he didn't say anything more.  

They took the train to Wyn's place it was not a long trip and they could have walked but neither of them really wanted to wait any longer than they had to.