# My Fantasy

Matt and Wyn got off the train with electricity flowing between them.  Sharing a glance but never really looking at the other person.  Matt could see the change in Wyn, it was like the world had been lifted from his shoulders.  His step-father must have plagued his life more than he let on.  Matt still didn't understand what had happened with G or even begin to understand how someone could feel like they were owned.  Yet Wyn felt that, and was relieved to be free from that burden.

There were a lot of unspoken things happening between them and lunch at the diner had only added to it, but they hadn't eaten since early that morning and Wyn hadn't eaten well at least not compared to how he normally ate in the mornings Matt had spend with him.

The shared glances continued as they walked side by side to Wyn's apartment. Matt went to go down the alley way but Wyn just smiled and nodded his head towards the bar with the blinking open sign.  It was probably better that way, to prolong the inevitable, Matt was certain things would end up in bed tonight.  It was a scary yet exciting thought.  He'd thought about Wyn on many occasions.  His head spun with each new thing they did together, or alone as was usually the case.

Wyn held the door open for Matt and he went inside followed by the other man.  The place was empty except for Anna who looked up from behind the bar with a smile.  Matt noticed the way she looked at Wyn and knew if things had been different Anna would have presued his boyfriend.  It still felt weird saying that.

Wyn headed straight for the juke box and dropped a few quarters in the machine and pressed buttons.  A soft song played with a good tempo, but it was more ballad than his classic get up and dance type music he threw on.  Matt had taken a seat at the bar where Anna placed a glass of water with lemon next to Matt, "What you having?"

Wyn answered for him.  "He'll have a glass of white wine, and we'll take the rest upstairs."  Wyn took a swallow of his water and Matt watched his muscles in his neck and his body tightened and he had to swallow hard to keep his mouth from hanging open.  He wore little makeup today but his hair was spiked in his classic way with highlights in sapphire blue.  When he had time to change the color Matt really didn't know but he managed it from time to time always surprising to Matt.

Anna set the wine glass in front of Matt and he took a sip.  As soon as the glass was down on the bar, Wyn offered him a hand, his palm up and inviting with the blue painted nails glinting with glitter against the bar lights.  "Dance with me, Matthew?"  Wyn asked.  Matt loved the way he said his name.  It had only gotten worse over time, the small effect his own name caressing Wyn's tongue had over him.  Matt shuttered and Wyn grinned at him.

Matt took his hand and Wyn lead them out onto the dance floor of the empty bar.  Wyn pulled him close, he could feel the other man against his body.  They'd done this before in privacy of the studio apartment upstairs, but this was the first time that Wyn had let them show any sort of physical contact in a public setting.  Wyn was always more careful that Matt was.  He took more concern when it came to Matt's own reputation than he himself did.  But then Matt wasn't used to hiding in the shadows.  Wyn was - even if he was openly into men.

A press of lips against his neck Matt brought him from his thoughts and he wrapped his arms around Wyn's waist.  The other man was a few inches shorter than him, and the slight height advantage was nice.  Wyn's chocolate brown eyes were full of desire as they moved slowly in a circle around the wooden floor.  Wyn's hands playing gently with the tag of Matt's shirt and the back of his neck sending shivers down his spine.

Finally they were alone but all Matt wanted to do was stare at the beautiful man before him.  It was not unusual for him to want that in Wyn's presence.  Wyn usually obliged him such luxuries as it allowed him to watch Matt's responses to the light touches against his body.  

Anna dimmed the lights and flipped the open sign off and locked the door down for lunch.  Matt was fairly certain she was closing up for them and that was the only reason.  Wyn pulled Matt closer, not that it was possible to be any closer.  The press of his lips against his ignited every nerve in his Matt's body.  

Matt smiled breathless when Wyn pulled away.  "Thank you."

"For what?"  Matt said resting his head on Wyn's shoulder and brushing his lips against his favorite spot on Wyn's neck.  

Wyn let go a small moan and pulled Matt against his body.  Matt remembered watching Wyn dance with girls on the dance floor, how his body moved against theirs.  How their bodies entwined together gracefully.  Matt imagined it didn't quite look the same with two men, but god did it feel erotic.  Wyn's knee was between his and he could feel the press of Wyn groin against his hip.  Matt sucked softly against the soft skin on Wyn's neck and the other man's head fell back exposing more so that Matt could latch on harder.  

Wyn whispered, "I remember the first time you did that."

Matt blushed.  He didn't.  The first time he was drunk.  But Wyn clearly remembered and Matt licked and kissed the now blooming bruise before moving to Wyn's lips.  "Did I make you weak in the knees then?"

Wyn chuckled against Matt's ear and bit softly on his ear lobe sending sparks down Matt's body.  "You made me weak when you said I smelled good.  Your mouth made me forget what I was doing."


"And now?"  Matt smiled against Wyn's neck before he bit again this time on the other side.

"hmmmmm."  Wyn hummed in Matt's ear as his hands ran down Matt's spine and grabbed on to his ass pulling his body fully against Wyn's own.  The pupil's in Wyn's eyes were blown wide and he moved against Matt's groin in a way that Matt could only wish was less restricted by clothes.  Wyn smiled and leaned up and kissed Matt biting at his bottom lip.  His voice when he pulled away was full of lust and heavy with desire, that made Matt twitch in his pants.  "I want to make your fantasies come true.  Matthew, how can I make that happen?"  Matt's body felt like jello, unable to move with the feel of the other man against him.

Matt pulled away with a smile and took Wyn by the hand and moved towards the stairs up to his landing, "Does that line always work?"

Wyn grinned as he picked up the wine bottle and two glasses Anna had left for them.  "Almost always."

"Almost?"

Wyn laughed, "Sometimes I get slapped.  But the girl is usually to far gone."

"So not a line you use on guys?  Why do I rate?"  Matt teased.

Wyn stopped and pushed Matt up against the stair well wall, the railing making an awkward curve in Matt's body but the closeness of Wyn's body against his made him forget the discomfort.  Wyn was grinning widely at him.  "Most guys don't let me romance them."  Wyn kissed him eagerly.  "Most guys don't like the way I say their name, Matthew."  He said his name extra sensually this time and Matt couldn't stop the small moan that escaped his throat.  Wyn continued purring against his lips.  "You like when I say your name, Matthew."  Wyn kissed him hard and pulled away again, whispering, "Matthew."

He really did love the sound of his name coming from Wyn, but he had little time to collect himself before Wyn was pulling him up the stairs to his apartment.  Matt wrapped his arms around Wyn's waist and waited with baited breath for the other man to get the door open.  Matt's fingers wandered to the button on Wyn's jeans and below.  Wyn let out a stifled moan as the door clicked open.

Wyn turned around in Matt's arms and walked backwards into the studio apartment.  He maneuvered him towards the bed depositing the wine bottle and glasses in the sink as he passed.  Matt kicked the door shut behind him as an after thought, he was too wrapped up in kissing Wyn's plush lips and gliding his tongue inside his mouth tasting the lemon on his tongue.

Matt managed to unbutton Wyn's jeans when they tumbled onto the bed.  But that was the extend they managed before their hands wound underneath shirts to touch skin.  Matt ran his fingers over the sides of the man below him.  The soft taunt skin over muscles, the random scars that Matt's fingers caressed and Wyn's eyes would go wide before he relaxed into Matt's fingers with each kiss.  Wyn let Matt raise his shirt up his body, kissing his chest and pushing the shirt over his head.  Matt trapped his arms against the bed and ground his hips against his lovers.  Wyn let out a groan of pleasure before freeing himself from the shirt and bringing his hands back to Matt's body.  

Matt sat up and stared down at the lovely man before him taking in the sight he'd yet to see.  The small round scars scattered across his arms and his shoulders.  A very large patch with repeated burn marks marred one shoulder.  Matt's fingers caressed the scar as Wyn unbuttoned his shirt.  Wyn winced but said nothing.  There was a sense of fear about him, but Wyn continued to let Matt touch the scar tenderly until he was free of his own shirt.  

Leaning down Matt ran his tongue over the offending mark and Wyn's painted fingernails dug into Matt's shoulders as he bit back a groan of pleasure.  Matt smiled against the scar and kissed him tenderly before he whispered, "No one should ever hurt you."

Matt pulled Wyn's pants and boxers off and stood at the end of the bed looking down on his lover for the first time.  His lips parted and Matt pulled off his pants revealing his own long hard body and Wyn's eyes went wide with the sight and he bit his bottom lip.  Matt smiled as he climbed over the man his body just above the other man's not touching anything except where his cock hung down.  Wyn shuddered underneath him.  Matt put his body on top of the other man and the skin to skin contact was overwhelming.  They both moaned into each other's mouth.

Wyn was gropping around the nightstand and managed to pull open the drawer.  Reaching in however posed a problem and Wyn had to sit up and Matt took advantage of the new position and wrapped his legs around Wyn and kissed on his neck and ran his fingers over Wyn's back.  The man froze under his fingers and his body tensed.  Matt could feel the change in his breathing from breathless to frightened.  Matt laid his palms against his lovers back and moved them firmly up and down with a tender touch.  Wyn pulled back and let his head fall back as Matt felt the scars, the ridges and holes that the scars created.  

Matt watched Wyn's expression as he ran his fingers over his back.  The fear fell away with each tender touch and Wyn regained his composure and reached into the drawer and pulled out a string of condoms and lube and tossed them to the side for later.  Matt didn't think he intended for them all to join them on the bed, but his fingers weren't quite working and he was frustrated if the soft grunt was any indication.

Wyn closed the drawer and pulled Matt closer still sitting in his lap.  Matt's fingers tightened on Wyn's back and he let out a moan.  Matt kissed Wyn hard and opened his mouth to the other man, their tongues danced together.

They fell down against the bed and Wyn adjusted underneath Matt.  His voice was needy, "Please."  Matt leaned to the side shell shocked.  He wanted to give his boyfriend what he wanted but sudden panic overwhelmed him.  

Wyn leaned up and kissed him softly and whispered.  "It's okay."  Wyn's head fell back as he slide his hand behind him and Matt watched his expression change as his finger entered himself.  Matt fell against Wyn and rolled him over, Wyn grinned against his cheek and kissed it softly. "What do you want Matthew?"

"Inside. you."  Matt begged.

Wyn sat up and opened a foil pack with his teeth and unrolled it over Matt .  Matt's body bucked in the sensual touch.  Wyn applied a small amount of lube over the condom before he rose up over him and pushed himself down around Matt's cock.  Matt's hip thrust up and Wyn held him down by the waist, "Slowly Matthew.  I'm not ready for you, you'll hurt me."  Matt froze and closed his eyes at the overwhelming feeling of his first anal experience.  

Wyn whispered, "Matthew.  Look at me."

Matt's eyes popped up and he watched as Wyn's head fell backwards in pleasure and came to look down on him when he was fully engaged  His mouth hung open in pleasure and Matt's fingers dug into his hip and pushed up against him.  Wyn smiled, "Soon, my love, soon."

Wyn rocked slowly against Matt and Matt groaned as Wyn flexed around him.  Matt drove up inside Wyn and his head rolled back again.  His breathing had quickened and he fell against Matt.  "All yours, Matthew."

Matt took the hint and rolled them over without losing any contact and Wyn grunted with the loss of breath when Matt pushed hard into him.  Wyn was coming undone beneath him, his breathing was erratic, his pulse speeding in his throat and Matt latched on sucking harder with each thrust into this wonderfully gorgeous man.  Matt felt Wyn orgasm underneath him, the hot semen shooting between them.  Wyn moaned his name, "Oh god Matthew."  And Matt lost all control all sense of being as he finished one last thrust and came inside pushing deeper wanting to sink father inside and become one with him.
