# Meeting the Girlfriend

Matt collapsed on top of Wyn and kissed him softly.  Matt's phone started ringing and Matt groaned.  Wyn knew who it was, Tiffany had been calling for the past thirty minutes.  Wyn sat up his still around Matt's chest.  "You better get that.  She's been trying for thirty minutes or so."

Matt sat up quickly and searched for his pants that were at the end of the bed and fished his phone out of the pile of clothes and blankets.  "Shit."

Wyn got up and was cleaning himself up in the bathroom when he heard him call  her back, "Hey sorry, Tiff, we must have had the music too loud.  I didn't hear my phone."  He lied yet again to his girlfriend.  Wyn sighed and brought Matt a wet wash cloth to wipe down with while he sat on the phone.

Wyn pulled his boxers on and a tank top from his drawers and sat down quietly on his bed and laid down watching Matt converse with his girlfriend.

Matt frowned, "Wait, your ten minutes from my place.  I'm not home."

Wyn couldn't hear the other side of the conversation.  He continued on after listening to her.  "I'm at Wyn's place.  We were talking and working on a new dynamic for Tobias."  Lie number three that Wyn knew about.

"I don't know, Tiff, he doesn't exactly invite people over casually."  He paused.  "Fine, I'll ask."  Matt held the phone against his chest, "She wants to know if she can just stop by here, then we can all go get something to eat."

Wyn sighed, "It's your love life not mine.  I'm not hungry, we just ate.  Have her meet you downstairs, Matthew."  Wyn got up and started rummaging through his closet and tossed out a shirt that would fit Matt and one for himself.  He made sure it was nice and bright, persimmon orange would do the trick with a pair of faded blue jeans with rips through.  He put on a white t-shirt underneath.  The shirt he'd picked for Matt was the only one that matched the color in his hair exactly.  He smirked at the though of them matching slightly.

Matt had finished relaying the message.  "Wyn.  I'm sorry."

"For what?"

"I forgot that Tiffany was flying in soon.  She got an earlier flight."  Matt sighed.  

"It's okay.  You didn't plan this.  Go take a shower, Matthew, you smell like me and sex."  Matt did as he was instructed with a frown.  He could see the discontent on Wyn's face.  He could feel it weighing on him.  She had to come in today, and now.  They had so much more that could have been.  Fuck!

Wyn grabbed Matt's boxers and pants the sapphire blue shirt and laid them over the sink in the bathroom.  He watched the shadows of Matt washing himself through the curtain and smiled.  He was going to miss Matt.  "Don't take long.  She'll be here any minute.  You'll have to find an excuse to why your hair is wet."

Matt laughed, "We had a good workout before practicing an upcoming scene."

Wyn leaned against the bathroom door.  "Lie number 4 within my hearing.  Can you keep this all straight?"

Matt turned off the water and opened the curtain and Wyn openly stared at the man before him, the remains of the shower running rivlets down his body making Wyn swallow.  When Wyn's eyes met Matt's again Matt was grinning.  "I'm glad you like what you see.  I hate lying but I don't know what else to do."

"Tell her the truth, maybe?"  Wyn said as he stepped out of the bathroom. At the dresser he applied eyeliner in thick broad strokes.  He saw Matt standing in the bathroom doorway watching him through the mirror.  Wyn smiled.  "How do you want me to act, Matthew?  Like the gay man you've been hyping me up as or be myself?  Or like I act around work."

"Yourself Wyn.  I don't want you to be anyone but yourself."

"In front of your girlfriend?  Do you want me to call you Matthew?"  Wyn asked flatly.

"I don't care.  I like the way you say my name.  Tiffany will think it's just part of your charm."

Wyn nodded and closed the distance between them.  "I will try not to say it with too much desire, Matthew."

Matt laughed, "She already thinks you are crushing on me.  So desire all you want."  Matt kissed Wyn softly.  "Let her think the truth about one of us."

Wyn smiled.  "So you want me to try to be sauve and sexy and get you in my bed?"

Matt blushed, "You've already managed that.  She just doesn't need to know that.  Besides, it'll be good to see you trying to woo me."

Wyn laughed, "Oh I woo'd you very well, Matthew.  You were oblivious to my charms at first, but they worked."

Matt continued to blush as Wyn stroked his cheek.  "I am falling completely head over heels for you Matthew.  This is going to be a very hard few weeks for me."

Matt nodded.  "I know.  Me too.  But..."  Matt's phone rang with Tiffany's ring tone.  He sighed and answered it, "We'll be down in a minute."

Wyn headed for the door and Matt grabbed his hand and plastered a long passionate kiss on to his lips.  Wyn was smiling as they headed down the stairs and into the bar.  A gorgeous blond with bright green eyes stood in the doorway with several suit cases leaning against the wall.  Wyn watched as Matt walked to her and wrapped her in an embrace and a gentle kiss.  Wyn felt the first stab of jealousy strike and he had to walk to the bar where a glass of lemon water waited for him.  Anna was hiding a glare behind her own beer.  Anna liked Matt up until that point.

Matt pulled Tiffany's things away from the door near the coat rack and walked her over to them.  Wyn held out his hand to Tiffany, "You must be Tiffany.  I've heard so much about you."  It was a lie, he'd heard next to nothing about his boyfriend's girlfriend and he wanted to keep it that way.

Her smile was perfect.  "You must be Wyn."  

She took his hand and Wyn lifted it to his lips and kissed the knuckle on her third finger. "I am.  A pleasure."

Tiffany clapped with delight, "Oh he's just as charming as you said he was."

Anna scoffed from the other side of the bar and Wyn laughed.  Tiffany turned to Anna with her dingy brown hair in braids and glasses.  Wyn could see Tiffany weighing Anna's worth in that one glance, she frowned then turned it into a bright smile.  "What you don't think so?"

Wyn grinned, "Anna is immune to my charms."

"Wyn, dear, I'm not immune to them, I know better than to get excited when you use them.  I refuse to be one of those girls who finds herself in your bed wanting more and you walk out of their lives forever."  Anna quipped with a perfect flash of her pearly whites and a twinkle in her eye.  She had once fallen for his charms, Wyn remembered the almost night of drunk debauchery.  Sadly Anna came to her senses before any damage was done.  Wyn was grateful now for their friendship and wouldn't change it for the world.

Tiffany asked, "Wait.  I thought he was gay?" 

Anna choked on her laughter.  "Matt, did you forget to tell your girlfriend that the man you were eliciting character inspiration from was very into girls as well?"

Matt blushed slightly, "It never came up about his actual orientation.  Tiffany assumed since Tobias was gay, that my informant was completely gay as well."

Anna set two glasses of white wine on the bar for Tiffany and Matt.  Tiffany scooped up the wine and asked, "Water, please?"

"Since when don't you drink wine, Matt?"  Tiffany asked.

He smiled, "Just need water right now."  Wyn smiled to himself, Matt was easily manipulated into drinking less and he was doing it without thinking about it now.  

Wyn added, "His last drinking episode had him puking on my doorstep."

Tiffany giggled.  "I'm so sorry.  He's a horrible drunk."

Wyn waved it away.  "He was fine after he stopped puking on me that is."

Matt blushed. Wyn knew he didn't remember anymore of that night than he had their first one.  But he knew he'd come on to Wyn then too.

"Matt, darling.  I want to do something fun.  Take me dancing.  Call Jon and Evelyn and we'll go someplace fun.  Wyn you and Anna should come too."

Anna grinned with a mischievous glint in her eye.  "Lavo should be hopping tonight."

"It's always hopping, Anna."  

Anna grinned, "You would know."

"Is he a dance connoisseur?"  Tiffany asked Anna.

Both Matt and Anna laughed, and said simultaneously, "You could say that."

"Ooh."  Tiffany cozied up to Wyn and smiled up at him with a smile meant to suck up to him, "Please tell me all about it over dinner."

Wyn looked to Anna and then down at the girl cooing against his chest.  "Fine."  This was not going to go well.  "Anna will you meet us at Lavo around 8?"

She nodded, "Love to."  She smirked.  "Wouldn't miss it."