# Let's Go Dancing

No, it wasn't awkward at all, Matt thought to himself as his girlfriend snuggled with his boyfriend.  Wyn didn't look the least bit happy.  His fake smile was splayed across his lips, the way he held himself said he was trying very hard not to roll his eyes.  Even Anna noticed, but Tiffany was completely oblivious to the elephant in the room.  

"Let me get shoes on."  Wyn said and Tiffany looked down at the ground and scoped out the bare feet that had padded down the stairs.

Tiffany grinned up at him and waved her hand over his body like the fashionista she was, "Put on some thing fabulous for me, darling.  Club worthy."

Anna stifled a groan, "Tiffany, you don't have any clue what you are saying if you plan to go someplace respectable with Wyn in tow."

"Oh come on, he's probably got outfits that you could wear too."

Matt watched the glare that came over Wyn's face before he quickly hide it behind his glass of water.  Tiffany had stated a stereotype and Matt knew she would regret her statement.  The last time he'd seen Wyn mad over that he'd started playing gay hard.

Wyn started for his apartment, "Give me ten."  Matt watched him carefully not stomping up the stairs.  Matt looked at Anna and she was frowning up after him.

Anna sighed, "Matt, you will have to watch his temper.  And do not let him drink tonight.  Not even a swallow."

Matt nodded.  But Tiffany asked, "Why?"

Anna just shared a look with Matt.  Matt sighed, "Likely because he's in a foul mood.  He had a busy morning before I showed up."

Tiffany said innocently, "He doesn't seem upset."

Anna sighed and walked to the end of the bar, "You don't know him like I do."  She gestured to Tiffany's things.  "You can leave your stuff here and stop by after the club to take your things to Matt's."

Matt suggested, "Or we can have them delivered.  I could have Pete call Dawn and have her do it."

Anna gave Matt that look, "Really Dawn?"

Tiffany asked, "Who's Dawn?"

"Oh just a random girl Wyn is banging."  Matt forgot that.  Fuck!  Yeah that wouldn't go over well.  

But Tiffany was classically herself, "I'm sure Wyn won't mind."

Wyn came down the steps just then, "What won't I mind?"  Tiffany turned to look and her jaw dropped.  Wyn was walking down the stairs in the same outfit he'd gone to Lavo in the last time.  The black leather pants were tight against his skin and Matt didn't have to imagine what lie beneath he had already seen - he knew.  The shirt hid little, his scars neatly hidden by the sheer black fabric.  He had a leather jacket in his hand.  His hair was still colored with sapphire blue but he added glitter to it and to his make up.  He sparkled in the bar light.  

Matt wasn't the only one staring.  Both women looked at Wyn with wide bright eyes filled with desire.  Anna was the first to look away and at Matt who had stopped looking only moments before.  Tiffany clapped her hands, "See I told you he'd be stunning."

Wyn wore a black cord tight around his neck with a pendant on it.  Wyn stepped close to the bar and picked up his water and sipped when Anna noticed it too.  She gasped and picked the gold pendant up off his neck and looked at it then directly at Matt.  Wyn grinned at her but he didn't look at Matt.  

Anna asked, "Can I have a moment with Wyn before you go.  It's important."

Matt nodded, "We'll get a cab."

Matt lead Tiffany out of the bar and stood in the doorway while he dialed for a cab company.

"Wyn.  G?  He knows?  He gave you to Matt?"

Matt didn't hear Wyn's reply as the cab company picked up and he had to pay attention to the conversation.  He felt Wyn stand behind him and when he'd hung up Wyn whispered, "If any of G's men see me they'll think it's a game.  If he knows you have a girlfriend, all deals are off."

Matt nodded.  "Okay."  He paused and took a step forward as the cab pulled up.  Matt opened the door for Tiffany and she climbed inside, Matt followed and Wyn was next to him.  It was a tight squeeze more so since Matt purpose left Tiffany enough room for her purse between them so he could feel the leather against his leg.  This was going to be a tough night for everyone.

While in the cab Matt called Jon and Evelyn and told them to meet them at Lavo.  Tiffany wanted to go dancing.

Matt was surprised by how chatty Wyn was with Tiffany.  He was the only one who felt awkward in the situation apparently.  But Matt remembered Wyn was used to playing the game - that he could separate himself from what he felt.  Wyn wore the leather coat over the sheer shirt and for that Matt was thankful, he wasn't sure he could stop staring if he hadn't.

Tiffany went through three glasses of wine at dinner.  Wyn hadn't touched the one glass Tiffany insisted he try.  He'd brought the wine to his lips but Matt watched as he set it down with the wine barely wetting his lips.  How he'd love to kiss them and taste the wine on them.

Matt had to avert his gaze and calm his mind several times.  Tiffany's hand had strayed under the table one too many times when he'd been staring at Wyn from the rim of his water glass.  She smiled seductively at Matt thinking she was the reason for his growing problem.  Let her he thought to himself.

When dinner was over they took a cab to Lavo on the other side of the City and waited in line.  Anna was already there and Wyn had stopped to talk to the bouncer at the front of the line.  Anna was wearing a tight black dress that barely covered her ass and thigh high stockings with lace at the top.  The black high heels giving her enough height to see over Tiffany's head.  Tiffany smiled at her, "You look hot."  She kissed the other woman softly on the lips.  

Matt raised his eye brow at Anna who frowned when she saw him looking at her.  "Don't get any ideas.  I'm here to make sure Wyn behaves."

Matt nodded.  "Good idea.  Though I don't think you need to worry."

Anna shook her head, "Oh I have to worry."

Jon and Evelyn arrived at nearly the same time.  Wyn waved them all over and they got in before the rest of the line.  It sometimes pays to be a regular.  And for Wyn it was more than that, he and the bouncer floated in the same circles.

Wyn took Anna's hand and they gravitated towards the jumping dance floor.  Jon and Evelyn came with Matt and Tiffany to a table.  Matt ordered a bottle of white wine and enough glasses for their party.  Though he was certain Tiffany would drink the whole bottle alone.  They would normally split it, but now that he'd been seeing Wyn regularly he rarely drank anything unless Wyn handed it to him.

30 minutes into the night Wyn and Anna drifted their way.  Anna sat down and poured a glass of wine.  She waited while Wyn poured one and pushed it towards Matt before he sat down, he took a sip of Anna's  - a real sip and Anna swatted his hand.  Wyn pulled Anna down into his lap and whispered in her ear too low for anyone else to hear.

Tiffany leaned into Matt and whispered, "They are cute together, you sure they haven't hooked up?"

Matt nodded, "Yeah.  They are best friends."

Tiffany bit his ear and pouted, "I want a gay best friend."

Matt frowned, "Don't let Wyn hear you say that."

Tiffany unfurled from her seat and pulled Matt's hand and stumbled towards the dance floor, "Let's dance."

Matt followed.  He saw Anna pull Wyn out on the dance floor.  He didn't look like he wanted to go but he went anyway.

Tiffany saw them dancing next to them and moved closer and started dancing with Anna and Wyn.  Anna's grin was mischievous as she moved around both Tiffany and Wyn flowed with her Matt saw it happen right before his eyes.  Anna had set Wyn to dance with him and Tiffany was none the wiser while Anna curled around the other woman.  Wyn's hands strayed helplessly to Matt's body and Matt had to close his eyes to keep from thinking about earlier.  Tiffany was moving in front of him.  Anna in front of her.  But the only think Matt could think about was Wyn's behind him.

Tiffany turned and faced him with Anna at her back and she looked past Matt at the look on Wyn's face.  She smiled solicitously, "He so wants you, Matt."

Matt just nodded.  He wanted him too.  

Tiffany was moving against Matt and he was feeling guilt washing through him.  Wyn whispered from behind him, "I can't do this anymore, Matthew.  I'm going to take Anna home."

Matt nodded.  "See you at work."

Wyn took Anna's hand and she followed dutifully behind him casting Matt a sad glance before turning her attention to Wyn.  Tiffany pulled him against her and he put all thoughts of Wyn away for now.  Wyn would be angry if he spent time thinking about him while he was with Tiffany.  And he didn't want to disappoint Wyn.