# Dancing the Fear Away

Nox had tried to ignore Matt, but he was failing miserably.  Dancing with him had proven to be disastrous to his state of mind so he'd left early with Anna.  She hadn't minded though she was disappointed to leave so soon.

"Really Nox.  It was fine, the blonde was oblivious."

Nox shook his head, "Not completely, she knew I wanted him.  That's only going to cause problems."

Anna smiled and rank her fingers against the leather cord against his neck, "This is amazing.  I can't believe G let you go."

Nox sighed, "He won't let it be if he finds out about Tiffany."

Anna nodded, "It's all a game, we know.  Tiffany is just his clueless scapegoat to stay straight in the limelight."

She wasn't far from the truth, but she didn't need to know that.  "Matt adores you."  Anna cooed.

"All the more reason to avoid him until she's gone."  Nox vowed.  And for the first week that was fine and well.  Tiffany kept Matt busy in their free time, and Nox was still busy on the other pilot episode and others were working with the actors.  

The second week saw a break in his schedule and Nox had more time to work with them.  Matt convinced Tiffany to go take a lunch with Dawn at her side as a distraction while they worked.  It made things a little less awkward, but Nox could feel the tension between them.  Though it was passable, nothing more strained than they had done the last time.

But the third week Nox was done with the pilot and was working solely with the class again.  He and Matt had several sessions alone.  The first went smoothly.  The second not so well.

Matt had come in wearing shorts without a t-shirt, he was pulling it over his head when he came into the studio.  Nox couldn't help but stare at the body he'd not touched in over two weeks.  Matt caught his gaze and they were almost close enough to touch when Tiffany walked in.  "Oh there you are darling.  Can I steal you away for a moment."

Matt turned and floated towards Tiffany like a moth to a flame except he knew it could burn him.  Nox turned around when she didn't move out of the room to wrap her arms around Matt's neck and planted a wet passionate kiss against his lip.  Nox could hear her panting when they broke part.  "Just a reminder, that he's mine."  She smiled at Nox as she left.

Nox saw the sadness in Matt's eyes as he walked towards him.  He didn't apologize though for her words.  All part of the charade.  They went through the strained motions of the exercise they were working on.  Tiffany showed up when Nox was physically manhandling Matt's body into position after the 100th attempted.  She quipped when Nox dismissed Matt to work on it later, "I bet you liked having your hands on my man."

Nox felt the hatred for the girl rise in his stomach.  He sneered at her and turned around to deal with the equipment that hung lifeless from the rafters.  Matt had stepped out of the room to get a drink of water outside the fountain and Tiffany came up behind Nox and smacked his ass, "If you weren't so gay, I'd take you to bed with us."  Her smile was lust-filled.  "But you'd be more into Matt than me.  And that's such a pity."

Nox leaned down and growled.  "I wouldn't join your bed even if you paid me."

Tiffany slapped him just as Matt walked back in the room.  She cried, "He's such a pig Matt, why are you even friends with him."

Matt sighed and pulled Tiffany away from Nox.  He cast Nox an apologetic look as Tiffany regaled the false tale she was weaving to make her look better.  Fuck this, Nox thought to himself.

That night he'd gone down stairs to Anna's bar and ordered a glass of wine.  Anna only grudgingly gave him the wine seeing the look on his face.  After the first glass Nox started rambling at Anna.  "I think I need to get over Matt.  He's pussy whipped by a demon girl.  I don't have a chance."

Anna sighed.  "Nox, Matt likes you.  He's just got this image."

"Fuck his image, Anna.  What about what I want?"

"What about G Nox?"

"Let him come at me.  It'd be a relief to be wanted again.  Even if it's as his property."  Nox could taste the venom in his words.

Nox knocked back the glass of wine and tapped for another one as he got up from his seat and moved to the juke box and a dropped a few quarters in and set a few songs.  His movements weren't very fluid as he danced with a light buzz.  He'd look up and see Anna giving him a concerned look before going about her own business.  

The last of the songs ended and Nox drank the warm glass of wine on the bar and tapped for another Anna shook her head.  "No Nox.  I won't let you do this."

Nox reached across the bar and grabbed another bottle and poured it into the glass.  It wasn't wine, it was far stronger and he downed two shots before he dropped cash on the bar and walked - no staggered out the door.

The street outside was busy with people and cars and they all pretty much avoided him anyway.  He was wearing his tights and shorts and people gave him weird looks as he pranced past them.  He thought it was prancing but he knew he was wasted.  He never got wasted.  How had Matt fucked him up so bad?

Nox walked all the way to Benji's bar.  He didn't stop to say hi to anyone just went straight for the juke box there and started setting up songs.  There was a soft groan when the first song started playing -  it was a fluff piece that would set the tone for the night.  Nox smiled.  Soft soothing and completely not meant for a bar yet there it was.  The song was depressing but Nox didn't like it for the lyrics, it was perfect for what he needed - to dance slowly with precision.  Well with as much precision as his drunken self could muster.

Nox found the rhythm and he danced.  No one would disturb him here.  No one would give him the look that said he was fucking things up.  But he was done with Matthew Lucas.  That was the lie he was going to try to dance into his head.
