# Your Fantasy

Tiffany was getting ready to leave for a flight in the morning.  She was cutting her visit short when a sudden contract came available in Milan.  She couldn't refuse and Matt didn't blame her.  It would be good to get back to normal.

They'd had a good time.  Though Matt couldn't help thinking about Nox when he was alone.  He hadn't had any time to talk to him. He missed talking to him.  He missed other things but he really missed talking to Nox.

Tiffany interrupted him, "Your phone is ringing, darling."

Matt came to and heard his default ring tone singing softly in his pocket.  "Hello?"

Anna's voice was heavy with concern, "Matt, are you busy?"

"No.  What's up Anna?"

"Nox has been drinking.  Benji called and said he's been on the dance floor for three hours straight with no break.  He's scaring away the customers with the music.  I can't leave.  Can you go get him?  Please?"  She begged.

Matt sighed, "I'll see what I can do. Tiffany is getting ready to leave I think I can slip away."

He hung up the phone and looked at Tiffany, "Tiff,  I need to go out for a little while.  Nox is in trouble and Anna can't leave to help him.  He doesn't have any other friends."

Tiffany smiled, "But of course, darling.  He's your friend.  I only like the tease him."

"I'll be back as soon as I can."  Matt grabbed a coat and headed out of his apartment and took a cab to Benji's bar.

Matt walked into the bar with the sounds of a silky smooth voice blaring through the bar.  Benji looked at Matt with a frown.  He spoke softly, "He's in a mood.  At least he's not drinking here.  But he can't stay here Matt.  He can't."

With a heavy sigh Matt nodded.  "I'll see if I can get him home."

Matt watched at the edge of the dance floor for Nox to catch sight of him.  His eyes lifted just as he spun through a turn and Matt saw the flicker of a smile that turned ugly the next second.  "Go away, Matthew."

Nox turned and kept his back to him as he danced.  Matt sighed and stepped on to the dance floor and took Nox's arm and spun him towards him.  Nox glared at him and made to punch Matt but Matt caught it and brought Nox's hands down in front of him.  "Nox, I can't go without you.  Everyone is worried."

Nox growled, "No one cares.  No one ever does."

"I care."  Matt whispered.  "Anna cares."

Nox frowned, "You have a girlfriend."  He spat the words out and yanked his hands from Matt.  "Anna refuses me time and time again."

Matt grabbed Nox's hands and pulled him against him, his hands behind his back making Nox hold him close.  Matt whispered, "I still want what we have."

Nox pulled at his hands but his equilibrium was off and they both tumbled to the floor in a heap.  "I don't want you anymore."  He whispered and Matt's heart sank.  Nox had given up.  He was broken.  Matt wondered what had actually happened with Tiffany before.  He knew Tiffany had lied about the situation, she always did.  But why was Nox drinking - he never drank.  He never looked this defeated.

Matt sat up and looked at Nox who was lying on his back staring up at the ceiling.  "Just go home, Matthew, and leave me a lone."

"Sorry, Nox.  I can't obey that command."  Matt frowned as Nox sat up with a look of horror on his face.  Matt smiled, "I know the control you exert over me.  Because I want you to.  I would love nothing more than to listen to you right now.  But you need me right now.  I can't leave.  I'll regret it with every fiber of my being.  I can't stand seeing you like this."

Matt stood up and offered Nox a hand.  "Come with me, we can talk."

Nox took Matt's hand and pulled him into his lap.  "I'm sorry."  Nox whispered over and over again.

Matt smiled against his neck.  "It's okay Nox.  I forgive this and everything else we do to each other.  Please let's go home."

Matt stood up pulling Nox with him.  Once they were both standing Nox pulled Matt close and held him close. "Why do you like me Matt?"

Matt kissed his ear.  "I don't know, Nox.  I just do, I can't get past it."  They swayed on the dance floor not quite dancing but not standing still either.  The music changed to something more bar worthy and Matt glanced at Benji and things appeared busier.  Matt held Nox for a good long time as they danced together.  He knew that people were staring, and that it was likely it would get out but it was not like he had an explanation.  Matt whispered in Nox's ear.  "What do you want from me Nox.  How can I fulfill  your fantasy?"

Nox pulled away from him and looked at Matt with confusion.  "I..."

Matt pulled Nox away from the dance floor, "Come with me Nox."

Nox followed willingly.  Benji had called a cab already and it was waiting outside for them.  Matt opened the door and Nox climbed in.  He was distant as they rode in the back of the cab.  Matt kept his distance, he didn't need to set Nox off further.  He knew how he felt about public displays of affection with himself.  It was the image that Nox wanted to protect, but Matt was at the point that he wanted to say screw it.  But there was still Tiffany.  He'd been with her for three years.  Not that these past three week said anything about their relationship.  They had barely had sex - mostly his fault but she didn't seem interested either.

Nox's place came up and they got out.  Nox went straight for the side door and Matt followed.  Once they were in the stair well Nox's hand searched for Matt's.

Once they were upstairs Nox had the door open and was stepping inside.  He searched his fridge and pulled out a bottle of wine.  Matt reached for it and Nox pulled it away from him and popped the cork.  Nox didn't smile as he walked to the sink and poured it down the sink.  "I won't drink anymore.  But I can't deal with you right now."

Matt sighed and sat down.  "I know.  But we need to talk."

Nox flopped down on his bed.  "Matt.  Please just go home."

"You've resorted to Matt.  Are you really done with me, Nox?"

"I don't know."  He rolled over and away from Matt.

"I'll give you time, Nox.  It's all I can do.  I don't want to end this."  Matt said as he stood up and headed for the door.

Nox whispered, "Ask me again."

Matt turned, "Pardon?"

"What you asked me earlier, ask me again."

Matt thought about it.  Nox was up and standing up next to him before he could say anything.  Matt pulled him close by grabbing fist fulls of Nox's shirt and whispered, "What's your fantasy, Nox?"

Nox kissed him softly and opened the door for Matt to leave.  He whispered against Matt's mouth, "Choose me."

Nox pulled away and left Matt standing breathless in the open door way and shut his bathroom door behind him.  Matt stood staring after him.  He heard the water start in the shower and sighed. Matt left through the bar entrance.  He stopped in front of Anna.  "He's home.  He's not got anything to drink.  But I don't think things are better."

Matt had a lot to think about on his way back to his place.