# Broken

He told Matt what he wanted and then he walked away.  The shower felt good against his cold skin.  He's never been so afraid in his life.  So lost and empty.    Nox had given everything to Matt and now he gave him the one last thing he had to give - the truth of what he wanted.

Nox found himself crying in the shower, the tears running down his cheeks were burning his eyes.  He sank to the floor of the tub and curled up into a ball.  Matt was all he wanted.  He was free of G.  Free of his step-father and now he could lose it all because Matt wasn't ready to have more.  This was going to end so very badly.

The water ran cold and Nox started to shiver but he didn't move.

Nox heard a knock on his door.  But he didn't move.

Another knock and then he heard Anna yelling his name.  She opened the door and pounded on the bathroom door.  "Nox!"

She opened the door and found him crying curled up in the bathtub shivering and shriveled.  Anna turned off the water got in the tub with Nox.  Her arms were warm and she wrapped them around him. Not caring about the water still soaking his skin. Nox buried his face in her neck and cried.  There was nothing more he could do.  But she kept Nox warm.

He felt like he cried for hours.  His tears had run dry and they were still scrunched in the tub.  Anna stood up with Nox in her arms and helped him over the edge of the tub and into his bed.  Anna went to her apartment and brought back ice-cream and her laptop.  She curled up on top of the comforter and started a movie.  It wasn't sappy - it was action filled.  Anna handed Nox a spoon and he held it close as pressed his face against her leg to keep from crying dry tears and ate small bites of ice-cream.

Anna watched three movies with Nox.  Nox closed his eyes and pretended to be asleep after the end of the third.  He knew Anna would see through the ploy but she left anyway leaving the ice-cream in Nox's freezer and locked the door behind her.

Nox cried himself to sleep.  

He woke up the next morning sore and his eyes were rimmed in red.  He didn't look like he'd slept all night.  He felt like shit.  Nox got up and took another shower.  

The water ran cold by the time he pulled himself out.  He'd wasted two hours in the shower and he was late for work.  Nox couldn't face Matt today.  He didn't think he could look anyone in the eye.  Nox picked up his phone and he called someone to cover his sessions today.  He didn't want to go to work anyway.

Nox pulled on a pair of comfortable shorts and t-shirt and curled up on his bed with a book.  He ended up crying halfway through the book and had to stop reading his mind couldn't focus on anything other than the sting of rejection he was feeling now.

It was late when the door to his apartment opened.  But it wasn't Anna, nor was it Matt.  His heart sank when the realization that it wasn't Matt either.  His foster mother stood in the doorway and cooed at him, "Oh my poor baby."

She sat down on his bed and wrapped her arms around his upper body and pulled him close like she'd done so many times when he was a child.  And the tears fell again.  

Nox looked up and saw a petite red-head going through his drawers.  "Mama, you think he needs something nice to go out in, or just jeans and t-shirts."

"Meg, I think he'd feel naked if you didn't pack at least one button up and a hoodie."

"Alright Mama.  His laptop must be at work.  I'll see if Anna knows how we can get it to him."  Nox watched as his foster sister picked up the book on his bed and chuckled. "No wonder he's in tears, Mama, this trash he's reading."

She turned the cover so their mother could see.  "You know that will make you feel worse, Nox darling."

Anna poked her head in the door as Meg was packing the last of his things for an apparent sleep over on the Upper East Side.  "Dr. Austin, is there anything else you need?"

"I've told you call me Charlie so many times Anna."

Anna ducked her head and Nox pulled out of his mother's arms and hugged Anna in gratitude, "You called my mother?"  he whispered.

Anna smiled, "You didn't need to be left alone.  Matt stopped by last night, he needed to speak to you, but I didn't think that was a good idea?"

Meg interrupted.  "Anna, Nox's laptop is at work.  Do you know anyone who can bring it to the the Upper East Side for him."

Anna looked up at Nox and he smiled with a slight nod and handed her his phone.  Anna smiled at Meg.  "Yeah, actually I do.  But I'll have to steal Nox's phone.  I don't have his number.  Excuse me a moment."

Nox watched as Anna left to her apartment with his phone to call Matt.  He had wanted to talk.  Nox wanted to be hopeful but the longer time passed the less hope he felt and the more he talked himself out of it.  Matt wanted to end it, but he was at least nice enough to do it in person.

Nox asked, "Is Brett home?"

His mother shook her head, "No darling, he's away at school.  He's a lovely apartment with a great girl who's mellowing him out.  Her brother is gay, so it's helping some."

Nox nodded, he wasn't sure he could deal with his homophobic foster brother.  "Your foster brother loves you Nox, he just afraid to show it."

"He wished I was dead the last time I saw him, Mama.  He doesn't feel anything towards me.  That would mean I existed to him."  Nox sighed.  "How long do you plan on kidnapping me from my life?"

Megan wrapped her arms around her, "Until you are your self again.  Until the hair is flashy, the eye make-up thick and the clothes deliciously tasteless."

Nox grinned, "My clothes are not tasteless.  I'm not 12 anymore Megan."

Anna stepped back into his apartment handing him the phone.  "Matt said he could drop off the laptop around 8 but under one condition."

Nox raised his eyebrow, "And that was?"

She smiled.  "That you cook him dinner."

Megan clapped her hands.  "Yes.  Oh Yes!"  She stopped her hands mid clap and looked at Anna then back at Nox.  "You don't meant Matthew Lucas do you?"

Anna nodded.  "Oh my god, Nox had the biggest crush on him when he was a boy.  He's coming to our house, for dinner.  Oh my god, what am I going to wear?"

Anna laughed, "Should we tell her?"

Nox shook his head.  "No."  It was flat and harsh and Anna frowned.

She wrapped her arm around him.  "I had Matt find your boss and tell him you were going Uptown for a few days so your schedule would be wonky.  He said as long as he's not dead or dying, he can have the day off tomorrow."

"If I were dead or dying I'd have to go to work tomorrow.  Lovely to know."  Nox grinned at Anna.  He was feeling a little better, Matt wanted him to cook for them.  He'd invite his family too.  He hoped Matt would understand.

Nox hugged Anna good-bye then they took a cab to the apartment he'd grown up in.  His bedroom was the same as he'd left it when he was 16.  The same cramped space with a Matthew Lucas poster stapled to the ceiling above his bed.  He laid down and stared up at the very young version of the man he'd fallen in love with and waited for later.<!--se_discussion_list:{"twlhp6AYeO415Fs0QTjl26fK":{"selectionStart":4470,"selectionEnd":4530,"commentList":[{"content":"inconsistany"}],"discussionIndex":"twlhp6AYeO415Fs0QTjl26fK"}}-->