# I Choose You

Matt had left Anna's bar with a heavy heart.  Nox had told him it was over, but then the two simple words out of his mouth made Matt feel every pain the other man had gone through.  The devastation in his voice.  He didn't think he was worthy of anyone and thus his fantasy was to be wanted.  Matt did want him.  But that wasn't what Nox was asking.

Nox wanted him to choose the other man over Tiffany.  Over his career, the image Nox was so careful to maintain.  Could he do that?  Loving a man wouldn't ruin his career, he was already playing gay men more often than not.  It was the whole reason they'd met in the first place.

Matt walked half way home before hailed a taxi.  Tiffany was on the phone and promptly hung up when he opened the front door to his apartment.  She'd been having a few of those phone conversations lately.  He figured she was cheating too.  That meant a great deal of problems for the future.

She smiled brightly at him and he smiled back.  "You find him alright?"

Matt nodded.  "He's home now, not better by any means but home so Anna can take care of him."

Tiffany smiled.  "What was wrong?"  She asked as if it were any of her business.  

Matt shrugged, "No telling.  He's been seeing someone and I think shit might have hit the fan.  But honestly I don't know."

Tiffany laughed, "What did you do?"

"About what?"  Matt asked as he poured his girlfriend a glass of wine and sat down with his own.

"What did you do to piss him off?  Or make him sulk?"

Matt's eyes went wide.  "What?"

"Oh please.  I see the way you look at him, and the looks he gives you when you are with me.  He's jealous.  I get the side project.  He's cute.  But does he really think he stands a chance."

"No he doesn't, that's part of his problem." Matt's heart fell, "How long have you known?"

Tiffany grinned, "Since you first started seeing him.  You started spending too much time with him.  It was Nox this and Nox that for several months."

"Why didn't you say anything?"  Matt asked.

"You were happy.  I have my own sidelines as well Matt.  Or hadn't you noticed."

Matt sighed, "I had.  Didn't say anything because I wasn't about to be a hypocrite."

Tiffany smiled and sat down in his lap.  "I'm so glad it's all out in the open now.  Well between us anyway.  You are still hiding that you like boys."

Matt shook his head, "I like one boy.  It's not like I have an attraction to just any man out there."

"Keep saying that Matt.  You'll stay right in the closet."

She smiled, "Nothing wrong with being bisexual."

Matt kept his mouth shut, he didn't think he'd like other men.  It was a one off with Nox.  It wasn't meant to happen but it had over time.  Though his drunken self seemed to think Nox was hot from the beginning.  It was the alcohol talking - wasn't it?

Tiffany kissed Matt softly, "Come to bed. I've an early flight."

"I'll be there in a bit."  Tiffany pulled herself away from him and went upstairs to his bedroom while he thought long and hard about what he had to do.  Did he want to be with Nox?  Would he stick around if he didn't choose him?  And then there was Tiffany who after three years together they'd grown so apart cheating on him didn't hurt, and he hadn't hurt her by doing the same thing.  Matt wondered what happened first.  Or for how long she'd been cheating on him.

He made his decision but he had to take care of this first.  

Matt slept on the couch that night, pretending to fall asleep with wine and a TV show, but the truth was he didn't want to sleep in his bed with Tiffany.  He'd only had one glass but it felt like thirty in the morning - probably from the angle of his head on the couch.

In the morning Tiffany was up and in a bright pink sun dress and pushing Matt out the door with barely a shower and clean clothes.  It didn't matter anyway.  

They rode to the airport in silence.  They stopped to eat breakfast once inside before security.  Matt couldn't go past that so he sat down with one intention in mind.  "Tiffany we need to talk."

"You know Matt, nothing good ever comes from that statement."

Matt nodded. "I know.  And it's not going to change the statistics either way.  This isn't working for us anymore.  We don't see each other.  We are both cheating.  Neither of us care about that.  That tells me this was done a long time ago."

"You are going to break up with me after three years because of some affair with that dancer?  He's not that hot, Matt."

Matt sighed, "It's not about Nox.  It is but it's not really. Under neat I hadn't been happy for sometime or my head wouldn't have been open to that particular manipulation of my libido."

"He's more than just a fling isn't he?"  Tiffany asked.  He could feel the hatred wafting off of her.

"He is.  Tiff, look I'm sorry.  But this won't work for me."  Matt got up and dropped enough cash on the table to pay for breakfast a tip and then some.  "Take care Tiffany."

She flipped him off as he left the table and out the restaurant door.  That was done.  One step at a time.  But he needed to see Nox.  Too much time had gone by since he'd seen him alone, and now Matt's heart ached for him.

When he reached Nox's place Anna's bar was still open and he used that entrance but she stopped him. "Now's not a good time.  Go to work and he'll let you know when it's okay to see him."

Matt tried to push past her, "I have the day off. Anna, it's important that I talk to him.  He's hurting.  I can save him some of that pain."

Anna shook her head.  "No, Matt.  Go home then.  He's a mess, I doubt he's even out of bed.  Please Matt.  His mother is on the way, they are going to take him Uptown for a few days give him the support he needs."

Matt sighed, "I can do that now.  I make it better I promise Anna."

"No.  He needs to get his head around his feelings.  He drank Matt.  When Nox feels like becoming his step-father he's hurting too bad and only two things fix that."

"Let me guess.  Dancing and his family."

"Almost," Anna said.  "His sister will make sure he perfectly pretty before she lets anyone near him.  That includes tears and fears and his disgust of himself.  Matt I get you want to help, and that you care about him, but I don't know what this is about, but he's in pain.  He needs some time."

Matt left without so much as a good-bye.  He could sneak up to Nox's apartment the back way but he decided it was best just to go home.  Though he didn't do that either.  He went for a walk.  Matt thought about how much he'd grown since meeting Nox.  His drinking alone had been cut into eights.  He had one drink at dinner and that was usually it.  Walking had become second nature now.  Nox preferring to stretch his legs rather than ride the subway or in a cab.  

Matt sat in Central park for hours just watching everything.  He wasn't sure what he was looking for but when his phone chirped happily with Nox's ring tone he answered it quickly.  "Nox?"

But his heart fell when he heard Anna on the other side.  "Hey Matt.  Sorry it's just Anna.  Though good news.  He's open to seeing you.  His sister wants his laptop brought from the studio.  Can you get it and I'll give you the address and  you can take it to him?"

Matt's heart soared. "Of course I can.  Can I make a condition on that retrieval?"

Anna laughed, "What is that?"

"I want to have dinner with him, preferably something he's cooked so he can stay home where he's safe and secure."

"I'm sure he'd love that.  Bring it by at 8pm.  Don't be late Matt.  I'll text you the address."

"I won't be late."  

Anna had hung up and sent him the address.  Matt took a cab home and was very glad to not find Tiffany or her things strewn about his apartment.  The address wasn't very far from his, that was good to know.  

Matt showered and threw on one of Nox's shirts he'd seem to have collected over the past months of spending the nights at his place without a change.  It was the sapphire blue one that he'd picked out for him when they'd met Tiffany.  It was more than that, it was the shirt he'd handed him after they'd had sex for the first and only time.  How retched he felt knowing that their first time was marred by Tiffany.  Nox had to hate him for that.

Matt bought flowers and one long stem rose.  Matt threaded the rose into the bouquet so it was easier to carry.  And he picked up a bottle of wine he knew Nox actually liked after he'd grabbed the laptop from Nox's studio.  He wasn't the one usually keying up the romance, not when Nox always beat him too it.

At the front desk of the apartment building Matt asked for a sheet of paper and he wrote down three simple words on it and folded it and took the rose out of the bouquet.

Matt was 15 minutes early but he knocked anyway.  Nox's laptop hung over his shoulder.  A small red-head opened the door with a grin so wide it swallowed her face.  "Matthew Lucas.  Come on in."  She said his name very much like how Nox said it at times.  He wondered if that was going to be common in this house.

A woman in a brown suit and high heels walked out of the kitchen and greeted Matt shooing her daughter away.  "Megan go help Nox.  I'm sure he needs an extra set of hands by now."

Matt laughed, "I doubt it.  He doesn't let anyone help."  Matt handed her the flowers and the bottle of wine.  "Flowers are for you Dr. Austin, and the wine for dinner."

She smelled the flowers and headed off towards the kitchen, "He's in the kitchen, come with me."

Matt stopped in the kitchen doorway and watched as Nox danced around the kitchen, Megan was sitting on a bar stool around the island watching him - not helping.  Dr Austin was filling a vase with water and arranging the flowers perfectly in it.  Nox moved gracefully around and Matt couldn't help but stare, but he'd come for one reason.  With a deep breath Matt moved to block Nox's path, when the other man looked up he held the flower wrapped in the note up in between them.

Nox grinned at him.  Matt loved that smile.  It wasn't fake and everything else left as Nox brushed his fingers against Matt's as he took the flower and lifted it to smell, pulling the note from the stem. He unfolded it closely as he read the three simple words, "I choose you!"

Nox stood staring at the note when he finally looked up he took a step closer to Matt and grabbed his shirt with both hands and pulled him close and kissed him like he missed him.  Matt missed him too and he didn't mind the thorns of the flower poking into his neck as they kissed.  Nox pulled away and whispered against Matt's mouth, "Really?"

Matt nodded.  "I broke up with Tiffany. This is what I want, Nox.  We don't have to hide in the shadows anymore."  He pulled away and took out his phone.  "I'll prove it."  Matt snapped a picture of him kissing Nox and sent it to all his social media accounts.

Nox shook his head, "You didn't have to do that."

Matt nodded. "I did Nox.  I choose you.  And I choose to be open about it." 